Wonderful! Is there a particular style you are looking for?
Here is a nice cube storage bookcase in a chestnut brown color.
Here ya go!
Sure.
I only see the only color for this bookcase. Would you like to see another one in a different color?
Here is the Ricardo Ladder Bookcase.
I sure can. Is there anything else I can help with?
You as well.
Sure, I can help you with that. Do you have any color in mind?
These two are from our selection of white kitchen islands
This s the Fresnay Kitchen Island.
This is the top view.
Crafted with iron frame and manufactured wood counter-top and two lower solid shelves that support up to 80 pounds.
the dimensions of this island are: w: 47.29 in x D: 17 in X H: 31.23 in
The price is $ 206.99
Sure. As you requested, the island was added to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you today?
You welcome, have a good night and Happy Holidays!
Yes! We have quite a few to choose from. Do you have a particular color in mind?
Here are a couple in brown. Would you like to see one of these at a closer view?
This is the Potts Barrel Chair. It made of wood, with tapered legs. Let me know if you want to see a different angle.
Certainly! Here's a side view. We currently only have it in brown.
The Potts Barrel Chair is $171.99. It's 30.69 inches wide, 27.46 inches deep and 32.16 inches high.
Great! I'll add it to your cart. Can I help you with anything else.
Thank you! You have a great day as well.
Certainly! Are you shopping for a certain style?
What color would you like to see?
Based on your request, I can recommend this one.
Certainly, here is the picture provided.
The price is $699.99
Certainly, here is the picture provided of the top.
I will add it to your cart. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
You're welcome and have a great day!
Good day. I have accent chairs and dining chairs, which do you prefer?
Would you mind seeing a purple chair?
Well that's great because we have this chic and comfortable chair in purple.
Do you mean like yellow or orange?
I don't think any have bold colors.  I do have a dynamic chair in a unique upholstered pattern.  Here, let me show you.
The cost is 1299.99.  It is comfortable and has a patterned fabric.  Certainly eye popping.
Yellowstone Valley Contemporary Armchair is its name.
It's 36.58 x37.01x45.29 inches.
I have added this item to your cart. I'm hope you are happy with it.
Ok.  Here are some options.
Sure. There are two more styles in my inventory.
This is the Balderston End Table.
It's 23.97 by 11.97 by 21.99.
$98.99. Should I add it to your cart?
I have added one Balderstone End Table to your cart.
You too.
Sure, do you remember what style the sofa was?
Okay, was this the couch you were searching for?
This sofa is named the Hattiesburg Stering Sofa and is a transitional style sofa with tons of versatility. .
This sofa is $729.99
Would you like me to save this item for you?
Okay, Have a great day.
Okay, since i have many chairs here can you tell me you preferences?
I have olive green, grass green tan green which you prefer?
Here you go.
Its $250.
Great 'ill add it to you cart.
Sure. What color?
Do you like any of these?
What do you think of these but its not in brown.
This is the Fitzhugh kitchen island.
Its 409,99.
Item has been added to your cart.
Hi, sure. What color are you looking for?
Ok. Any particular decor styles you looking for today?
Ok, here you go. Please let me know what you like.
It is a grey granite counter top with the dimensions 26 in. X 78 in.
I will be happy to show you what we have available. Do you prefer a particular style?
Sure. We have three islands that come in gray. Do you like any of these?
Here is the left side with a towel rack.
It measures 47.12 inches wide, 20.51 inches deep and is 35.99 inches tall. It is on wheels so you can use it in a variety of ways.
The price is 409.99. It also has a stainless steel top. Would you like to look at any others or can I put this one in your cart today?
Okay, it's in your cart. There are two others you may also like. This one is a bit smaller but is also movable.
Alright! They are both in your cart. Let me know if I can help you with anything else tonight.
Hello, I would be happy to help you with that. Did you have specific decor style in mind?
Here is a selection of brown kitchen islands currently in stock. Do any of them appeal to you?
That is all that I have available in brown. I do however, have options available in black or grey. Would you be interested in either of those colors?
Based on your request I can recommend these grey kitchen islands.
Absolutely, this kitchen cart with a faux marble top is perfect for chopping and serving.
Sure, here is a view from the top. Such a feature significantly reduces the cost of this mobile wooden kitchen island.
The Auden Kitchen Cart is $189.99.
Perfect, I will add it to your cart. Is there anything else I can assist you with at this time?
You are welcome. Thank you and come again.
Any specific color?
How about these two?
It is a white island which can sit up to 10 people.
The price is $1,259
The second one is beige and it seats 4.  the countertop has ivory granite.
$875.00
Of course. It has been added. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for shopping with us.  You have a great day.
Yes, I found
Can you check these lamps once
Can you check this lamp with big base
Please check all the details
229.99 dollars
Sure.Added
Striking style lamp
welcome!have a nice day
Sure, what type of chairs can I assist you in finding today? Dining room or accent?
Here is what we have available in blue.
Sure, here's a closer view.
Our Dorset Barrel Chair is available at the price of $202.99
This is the only option available in blue but here is a large alternative option available in grey.
This is our Dewitt Barrel Chair it is made of a polyester blend.
Gladly, here is a view from the left side.
This chair is priced at $399.99
I have added this item to your cart. Do you have anymore questions or may I help you with anything else today?
You're welcome!
I would be glad to help. Are you looking for an end table or a dining table?
Good choice. Did you have a color in mind?
No problem. Did you have a decor style in mind?
Great did you have a specific room you intend to put it in?
Good idea. Did you have a budget in mind?
what do you think of this one?
Added to cart. Anything else I can do for you today?
You're welcome.
Do you have a certain color you'd like?
Is there a price range you want to stay in?
And do you have any styles you like?
Here are a couple of options.
The Fresnay Kitchen Island and the Hedon Kitchen Island are what I can recommend.
The Fresnay Kitchen Island has an iron frame with a wooden top. The Hedon Kitchen Island has a wood base and a stainless steel top.
That sells for $206.99
Alright, I'll add that to your cart!
Hi! Do you have a particular in mind?
I'm not able to share a picture, but we have a kitchen island with spice rack and towel rack drawer.
It's the Hodedah Kitchen Island.. The price for that one is $95.00.
It's made of durable wood.
Here you go. On the side angle, it has the spice bar and towel holder.
You're welcome! The dimensions is 35.2 Height x 35.5-44.9 Width x 15.5 D
Sure, Here you go. Not sure if you can see it.
Great! I have added it to your shopping cart. Thanks for shopping with us. Have a great day!
I sure can, do you have a color in mind tthat you may like?
Ok, do you see anything that interest you?
What are your thoughts on this bookcase? It is called the Stoneford Estagere Bookcase and it is crafted from soild and manufactured wood.
This item has a price of 66.99.
I loaded your items in the cart. I hope you enjoy your purchase!
You are very welcome. You too.
Hello. Here are some options. Would you like a closer look, or would you like to see more?
This is the Treece Coffee Table with tray top.
This table is made of manufactured wood with a wood paper veneer, along with black iron hairpin legs.
Of course! It measures 12.6 inches high and 35.4 inches both in depth and width.
This table is priced at $214.99.
Sure! The Wasser Coffee Table features a similar circular design, with a metal base in a gold finish and a manufactured wood top overlaid with laminate. It is about the same width and depth as the previous table at 35.02 inches.
It is $118.57.
The Wasser Coffee Table has been added to your cart. Thanks for shopping with us today.
Yes,I found these
Yes,i have one.Can you see now
Aliyah Square Pink are rug.Made in Turkey and 100% Polypropylene
Width:63 Depth:91 and height: 0.33
Great.Price for it is 24.99
Sure! Added
You too.Thanks!
Sure. What color ?
Do you like this black and grey one ?
Is there a specific color you want ?
Unfortunately I only see black and grey in my inventory,
How about this small light grey one ?
Can you see it now ? The price is 31.99
Yes, I can.
Hi here are a few we have in stock. Would any of these interest you?
Here is a view of the first option.
The dimensions are Width: 60 Depth: 96 Height: 0.5
This rug is crafted from polypropylene, and it is also stain and fade resistant as well.
Sure. How is this?
It's made of 100% polypropylene. The dimensions are width 63 Depth: 91 Height: 0.33
The red one is: $24.99 and the green one is: $16.99.
You are welcome. I'll add the red one to your cart! Is there anything else I can help you with?
You too!
Bookcases, fine. But just to be clear, is it teen bookcases? Or just bookcases?
Got it. Where do you intend for this bookcase to be?
Sadly I have no bookcases which are designed for the living room. Would you prefer somewhere else? Or just in general?
Sounds fine. One last question, would you prefer the color to be black or grey
I have a special one for you to see. I'm uploading it now
Oh, I'll save what I've kept for you, just in case.
Don't mention it.
Great. What color?
Nice. What about the style?
Here you are. Let me know your thoughts
Yes, it's 72" L x 60" W x 40" H
It's on sale for $299; regular price is $599
The wood is oak and as sturdy as an iron base. :-)
Consider done. It was a pleasure doing business with you!
You're welcome. Thx
Here are 3 green sofas that we have in our inventory
The Lester Square Arms Sofa is influenced by mid-century designs
70.76 wide by 29.22 deep by 32.56 tall
Great! I'll add it to your cart
You are welcome! Have a great day!
Sure,I will be glad to help. Please have a look at the image and let me know.
Its Kellie end table.
Its made out of solid wood.
sure
please, have a look
can you see now.
oh let me try again.
We have several in stock. Here are three and we have many more
Do you like any of these?
I have more if you don't care for any of these
This is a Dorset Barrel Chair
Certainly, I have others as well
I have 3 others I showed you earlier also
Sure, I have others as well
This is the Sidibe swivel barrel chair?
This is a popular chair
It is a polyester upholstered
Sure, I will be here to assist you. Have a great day!
What color would you like?
Here are three for you to check out. Let me know if you see one that pleases you
It's made from polyester
45 inches tall
You're welcome
Hello, sure I'd be happy to assist you with that! Do you like any of these?
How about these?
Here you go!
The set costs $126.28
It has a metal frame with an elm wood seat.
Sure thing. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a good day!
I'm happy to help. Are you shopping for a specific style or color? Here are a few from our catalog.
Here are more ottomans from our collection. Would you like to see a closer view of any of these?
Here are more of our ottomans.
I do. Here are more from our catalog.
I sure do have more. What about these?
This is the Janeen Cocktail Ottoman.
It's 35.5 inches wide.
It costs $196.99.
Great! Have a great evening!
I have these two white ones in stock
Sure. How about now?
The first one is a round traditional piece made of manufactured wood with a pedestal design.
This one is also round but it has a glass top and a contemporary style.
I'm showing you a mid-century wood table with a square top with average height.
It's 194.99.
It's been added to your cart.
These are some of our accent chair that might be good for office space
How about these two gray accent chair?
The Liam Barrel Chair measures 34.29" width x 27.86" depth and 32.46" height
The chair is made of manufactured wood with plastic rounded tapered legs and polyester upholstery
Of course, this how it looks like side viewed.
Here you go
The item has been added to you shopping cart. Can I assist you we anything else?
Have a nice day
I'd be happy to help you with that today, here is a selection of tables that i have stumbled upon please check them out and let me know if your are interested.
Sorry Are you able to see them now?
Sure! I Have found a Paterson Dining table it is an on-trend style with enough elbow room for everyone this table is for example perfect for sitting down to a meal in moderen style.
It is crafted with a blend of rubberwood and manufactured wood
sure the dimensions are Width: 59 Depth: 35.5 and Height is 29.69, This one is priced at 280.99
I'd Be Happy To add this to your cart, is there anything you are looking for today or that i can help you with?
Certainly. Here are a few options to start. Do you have a particular color in mind?
Oh ok. Do you like any of these options?
Certainly. Here are a few more.
Absolutely. Here are the last ones I found. Just let me know if you want to see one closer.
This is the Lockwood Kitchen Island Set with a ceramic tile top. And, yes, it comes with two matching high-back stools. Amazing deal!
It's priced competitively at 1339.99.
This is the Shounak Kitchen Cart and it's priced at 329.99.
Absolutely. I've added both to your cart. It's been my pleasure to help.
I would be happy to. Are you interested in an accent, dining, or office chair?
Here are a few. Do any of these interest you or do you have a certain color in mind?
This Haywood Swivel Barrel Chair offers a bold design pattern.
This barrel chair has a width of 32.22 inches, a depth of 30.44 inches, and is 31.99 inches in height.
It is currently priced at $469.99.
I have saved it in your cart for you.
You are welcome. Have a great evening.
I sure can. What color were you looking for?
How is this one?
How is this one?
Here is the top. Would you like to see the side also?
This is the left side with the handle.
The price is 449.99 and the dimensions are W 52, D 18 and H 36.
I apologize but I do not find anything with that height.
You are welcome.
Sure. What type of table you want? What color do you prefer?
Here are some dining tables we have in stock.
Of course. This is the Townsel Dining Table.
Sure. This is a right side view.
This table is crafted from manufactured wood with a neutral finish.
Width: 47.14, Depth: 47.14, and Height: 30.38.
Unfortunately, it does note.
$320.99
I've added this item to your cart.
Sure. Do you have a preference of color?
Sure! Do you happen to like any of these options?
Of course. That is our Pagano End Table. The measurements are shown as width is 12 inches, depth is 24 inches and height is 23.99 inches.
I am showing the price tag for that one will be $37.54.
No problem. This one is our Lundgren End Table.
I am showing that one is going for $144.99.
Sure no problem. They have both been added to your cart.
You as well!
Do you have a color preference?
Here are some options. Do you like any?
I'm sorry about that. Do you see them now?
This is the Norfolk Ottoman. Do you want to see a different view?
This is the Hobgood Deluxe Tufted Storage Ottoman.
Here's the left side of the Norfolk Otttoman.
This one is $113.99.
I've added that to your cart.
I'd be happy to help. Which room will this lamp be going in?
Here are a variety of lamps. What do you think of these?
Here are some. What do you think of these?
This lamp is called Athenis 27 and is portable and stylish with abundant illumination.
Sure! This measures 26.5 inches in height, 15.5 inches in width and 9.86 inches in diameter.
This lamp is only $112.99.
Here is the top.
Done! Is there anything else I can assist with today?
You're welcome.
Hello! Any color preferences?
What about this one?
dimensions: w 45 x d 15 x h 35
Crisfield Kitchen Island Base Material: Manufactured Wood
From top
Today price $122
Yes sure, it is in your cart and don't worry about follow up email
you are welcome!
Hello, I would love to help you find a coffee table. do you have a color preference?
Do you have a preference for decor style or price?
Here's a black coffee table under $300. How does this look?
Sure, no problem.
This design costs $168.99
The dimensions, in inches: width 47.1, depth 24.46, height 16
I'd love to assist you with that. What type of coffee table are you searching for?
Do you like the look of any of these? These two white coffee tables provide a shelf to for easy storage
This one is 379.99. Would you like me to add it to your cart?
Do you like a more modern or traditional style?
What do you think of this one? It is white, modern and $96.77 in price.
I have added it to your cart! Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Hello, I'd Be Happy To Assist you, Any particular color you are looking for?
Okay Give me one moment.. I'm going to show you a few gray ones first.
Do you see anything you may be interested in?
The price of the Sigler Cocktail Ottoman is 208.84/
its' Width is :35.02, Its Depth is 35.02 and its Height is 17.95
yes Ill be adding this to your cart. anything elsei  can help you with
You As Well Thank you!
Of course, would love to help you. What type of furniture are you looking for?
Are you looking for a large ottoman or a small one?
Would any of these ottomans interest you?
From left to right, 82.81 is the poof, the medium ottoman is 208.84, and the large ottoman is 148.99.
Only black, are you looking for a specific color?
Yup this is a top view of the ottoman.
Of course. Is there anything else you would like help with?
Sure, what color?
How about hose?
Sorry, these are the only options we have
Sorry, those were the only choices
I'm sorry
You as well
Sure is there a particular color in which you would like?
Here are some options.
This particular lamp is portable, and lightweight. It also accommodates a 60w bulb.
It mesures 26.5" H x 15.5" W x 9.86" D
$112.99
Sure. Is this the one you were speaking of?
Width: 11.35 Depth: 8.14 Height: 27.31
This one is $127.99.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Same to you.
Absolutely! Can you please give a brief description? That way I can find it quickly for you. Is that okay?
Thanks a bunch for letting me know. Is this the chair that you'd like to see?
Per your request. here's the dimensions: Width: 17.88" Depth: 20.72" and the Height is 35.44" Will this work for the space you're going to use the chair for?
Yes, here the chair from a different viewing angle.
Sure thing! Here's a view of the top.
Let me take a moment to ease any concern/s you may have about price. The cost is only $159.99, and it's almost 30% lower than similar chairs our competitors sell.
I've added the 4 dinning chairs to your cart. Congratulations on your purchase, and thanks for shopping with Top Styles Catalog. Be well, have a great rest of your evening!!
Hello. This is the only brown ottoman we currently have in stock. Please let me know what you think.
The frampe is wrapped in woven banana leaf
Yes. The top can be removed for storage
The dimensions are 18 width, 15.06 depth, and 16.5 height.
It is $179.99 .
You are so welcome! Have a great day
Yes, what are his needs?
This is the only rustic one I have.
It's 206.99
Of course. Here is one that's more contemporary.
It's 469.99
Alright, I added it to your cart.
Sure. What color do prefer?
These are some of the ottomans we have available.
Sure. Here are more ottomans we have in stock.
This is the Sirine Ottoman that provides the perfect perch for a tray and offers extra guest seating. It is crafted from solid manufactured wood.
This is a top angle view of the ottoman.
Width: 24, Depth: 23.99, and the Height: 16.5.
The price is $162.99.
Great. I'll add this ottoman to your purchase cart.
You're welcome!
Should and for what room is the table?
sure here are a few
Here we see white manufactured wood, black  solid wood, and brown solid wood.
the white one is round, the solid black wood is square, the solid wood is round and is drop-leaf dining table
Sure no problem the brown solid wood drop leaf dinning table's wide is 33, Depth is 42, Height is 29.5, and it is traditional style.
Hello!  I can help. We have 2 different styles in the gray color.  I have shared the chairs with you.
Sure!  We have six different styles in gray.  Here are 3 for you.
I really like that chair too.  It is called the Alfredo Swivel Lounge Chair.
I am not sure.  I see the lever but in the description it doesn't specify if it adjusts up and down or if that locks the swivel.  I am sorry I don't have any additional info on that.
It is $319.99
Absolutely.  I have saved this chair in your favorites for you.  Thank you for shopping with us and have a happy new year!!
Yes of course. Do you have a style or color in mind?
Ok here is one that may work for you
Ok I have a different black option
Yes the frame is hardwood and the upholstery is a faux leather
it is 43 inches wide 22 inches deep and 18 inches high
It is $148.99
Great. I have added it to your cart. Is there anything else you need today?
You also
Are you looking for dining, coffee or and end table?
Any color or style?
Ok, how about these?
Ok, this is the Silvis Coffee Table.  It's a modern farmhouse style.
Wood and metal.
In inches: width - 47.25, depth - 23.75, height - 18 .
Do you have a color or style in mind?
This is the Yellowstone Valley Contemporary Armchair.
It is 1299.99
Upholstered in a patterned fabric, the high-density foam cushion is removable for lasting use. Perfectly stitched, this chair is complete with padded arm rests.
Here it is from the side view.
It has been added to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a nice day!
Would you like help with accent chairs or dining room chairs?
Is there a price you would like to stay under?
Here are some for under $150, is there a specific one you would like to see closer?
Here are some nice, brown upholstered ones
Here are some I found
Absolutely, would you like to know any details about this one?
My pleasure
I can certainly help you with that. What type of table are you looking for?
Are you wanting a particular color?
There aren't any beige at the moment but, this is what we have in gray. Do you like any of them?
This one is the Valerie Solid Wood Dining Table. It has a versatile and neutral design that goes well with several chair types. It's made of 100% solid pine wood from Southern Brazil.
The width is 63.02 inches, the depth is 36 inches, height is 31 inches.
It is 412.99. What do you think?
I have added it to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
You are welcome! Happy Holidays to you as well!
Hello! Any color preferences?
Please look at the shared pics and let me know which one do you like.
Please look at the shared pics  -- all items in BLUE!
What about now?
Well, we have 9 items and none of them blue...
you are welcome and Merry Christmas to you!
Sure, what color?
What about these?
These! Here you go.
Its a sidibe swivel barrel chair!
its 319.99
Sure, it has been added to your cart!
You are welcome, you too!
What kind of table?
Here are three options I have found.
Of course here are two.
Sorry not in white is there another color you would like?
Your welcome
Hi, Is there a particular color you are interested in?
Here are a few that I found in  different sizes.
Sure, This one is called the Sigler Cocktail Ottoman. It's oversize manufactured birch frame offers a lot of space for feet, trays and even snacks.
Sure, here is a look at the top.
This ottoman measures at 18.5" H x  35.5" W x 35.5" D
Absolutely! I'll add this ottoman to your cart.
Thank you, Goodbye for now.
Ok any particular style or color?
Hmm....unfortunately we don't have tan, will brown suffice?
Here is what we have in gray.
This is the table view from the top.
It is 2 ft high, 4 ft wide
It is only $250.00
Will do, will there be anything else for you today?
You're welcome.
It will be my pleasure to assist you! Here are 3 options. Do you see anything you like?
Here are two choices in white. Can you view these on your screen?
Yes it does. This Avery Sofa Bed has a contemporary look, seats three and has a pull out sofa sleeper with a queen size mattress.
It is priced at $1049
Its dimensions are 85.91W x 38.77D x 34.84H
Absolutely! I will go ahead and add it to your cart. There you go it is in your cart. Thank you so much for letting me assist you this evening!
I will do and you the same Thank you again for using our service. Bye Bye now!
What color would you like your new island to be?
Unfortunately we do not have any blue ones, this is the only black one available
This is the Lockwood Kitchen Island set. It has a ceramic tile top, the island is made of solid oak and brushed nickel hardware
It is 60 inches wide, 45 deep, and 45 tall
Here are some others we have available
My pleasure, would you like to look at any of these closer?
This is the Shounak Kitchen Cart. It is made of a metal base, manufactured and solid woods. It features 2 shelves and 2 wire basket drawers
This one is $329.99
My pleasure
Ok, here are some of the brown end tables that we have in our inventory.
Sure. Do you have a particular style that you are interested in?
How about this one? It's a Creeksville end table.
I'm sorry, but this is the closest that I can get to what you are looking for.
Sure, I am saving it right now.
You too!
Sure! Any particular color?
Ok.  Here are a few to look at.
I sent them again. The first rug has a red pattern on gray. The second one has a black triangular pattern on gray. The third rug has some blackish color on gray.
It is 48 inches wide, 72 inches depth, 0.25 height
It is $53.99
Sure. I just added it. Anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome.  Have a great day!
Okay, what kind are you looking for?
Yes, do you want seating?
What do you think about this one Monarch Black Kitchen Island With Seating
Sure, Solid hardwood and engineered wood construction Black finish with an oak top 2 utility drawers and 2 cabinet doors with adjustable shelves inside Drop leaf extends island to 40-1/2 in. deep when opened.
46 in. W x 40-1/2 in. D x 36 in,    height measures 31-3/4 in.
Its, $92542.00
You welcome, goodbye.
Hi, do you have a particular color?
Do you see anything you like?
That one cost $639.99.
Of course.
It is simply a chic style.
It's made out of lined silhouette.
Sure, it is 80 in width, 32 in depth, and 32.5 in height.
No problem, I'll add it to your cart.
Yes, what color would you like your new sofa to be?
Unfortunately it seems that we do not have any blue sofas available at the moment. Would you like to see another color?
Here are a few we have available, is there a specific style or room you havein mind?
This is the Craig sofa, it is a simple chic style with a tufted backing
This one measures 80 inches wide, 32 deep, and 33 tall
It has been added successfully
You as well
did you have a particular color in mind?
Do you like this?
do you like any of these?
this is a Merrick Sofa.
The sofa is made in the USA with a wooden frame with a 100% polyester upholstery filled with foam.
$699.99
most definitely, is there anything else i can help you with?
Sure we have a few. Here is one.
It is the fortunat Extendable table.
crafted with solid hardwood
65x 48 x 30
sure!
$619.99
I sure will
You are welcome.
Sure i check for you . what kind of color you like.
here is 1 dark brown.
Here is a gray one.
sure here is a image of bookcase side view.
Glad to here that you like it i will surely add it to your cart.
I would be happy to assist you today! What style are you shopping for?
What is your color preference?
How about these?
Certainly! Here is a closer view.
It is on sale for $89.99.
I have add the item to your cart. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
Thank you for shopping with us and have a great day!
I am sorry I am unable to understand your requirement. Are you looking for a bookcase?
Are you looking for something like this? this is a Mathis Coffee Table Trunk with Lift Top.
This is a spring loading rising tabletop, both front and side drawers, and castered feet. Set this lovely coffee table at the center of your living room to anchor your space in classic style. It costs 449.99.
Here you go.
Here is the top view for you to see.
Yes, I have added it to your cart and is there anything else I can be assisting you with today?
Thank you for shopping with us and you have a great day as well and Merry Christmas from all of us here!
Are you interested in a particular color of table?
What style of table  are you interested in?
can provide coffee tables, end tables, or dining tables which would you prefer?
how are these options ?
this is a patterson dining table and the cost is $280.99
no problem thank you !
I have a few of our sofas in stock here you can look at.
Here are some modern sofas for me.
This is the Clarence Loveseat that is made of faux leather filled with foam.
Width: 55.51, Depth:31.82, and Height: 30.8.
The price of this sofa is $369.99.
Great. I've added this to your cart.
I have this one that is our Grimes Poul Ottoman. Does this look about like what you want or would you like me to show you some others?
This is one of our other small round ones but as you can see it isn't as small. This is the Parksley Storage ottoman.
Well this is our last round small ottoman. It's the Blakesley Ottoman. Definitely more solid through the middle.
It goes for $339.99 normally but with our holiday pricing you can get it for just under 300.
Certainly and it is theree. Would you need my assistance for anything else?
You're very welcome and Happy Holidays to you and yours.
I can help you with that. What type of ottoman are you looking for>
Do you like this round one in the middle?
It is upholstered in beautiful fabric and lined with nailhead trim.
Yes, here it is up close.
It is $339.99.
Yes, I have added this item to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Hi, I can help you with that. Can you tell me which room is it for?
Great. Can you tell me if you have a preference in color?
My final question for now is do you have a maximum amount you want to spend?
Unfortunately, I do not have any red ottomans.  Here are the ones I have available in your price range.  If you increase how much you are willing to spend, I can probably give you a bigger selection.
OK, here is 1st view of your modified selection.I have more to show you as I can only get  on a page.
What more would you like to know about it?
35.9 inches wide, 17.97 depth and height 18.5
It is $115.00
Here is another angle.
Ok, I will add it to your cart.  Thanks for the purchase.
You are welcome.  Enjoy your purchase.
Sure I can. Do you have any idea of what color or style you'd like?
Do either of these interest you?
Sure. This is a Kit Bookcase.  It's constructed from metal, it features a clean-lined frame with a brass finish.   It has 6 shelves at different heights.
There you go. It's 40.04" in width, 13.01" in depth and 72.03" high.
This is a Ricardo Ladder Bookcase.
This one is very reasonable at only $69.99.
Great!  It has been added to your cart. Can I help you with anything else?
No problem.  You have a great weekend also.
Do you like this one?
I apologize, but we do not have a french inspired design.
This is the modern one.
It has tile in all rooms
It is made of stainless steel
I apologize,  Is there anything else I can find for you tody?
Have a great day!
Sure, what kind of tables are you looking for?
Okay, here are a few. Do you like any of these?
Yes, this is the Valerie Solid Wood Dining Table. It has a rustic modern farmhouse look to it.
Of course. Do you prefer a specific color?
Okay, what do you think about these ones?
Here's another square one on the left.
How about this one?
Sure, here's a close up view.
Perfect. I will add it to your cart now. Anything else i can assist you with?
You're very welcome.
Hi, do you have any color or style in mind for the island?
Do you like any of these islands?
This is the Benedetto Island
This is the top view.
This is the bottom view.
Sure, the price is $ 579.99
Of course, The Benedetto Island was added to your cart. Can I help you with something else today?
how about the Solange chairs?
This is a set of 2 chairs and the cost is $82.99
This set of chairs was added to your cart. Can I help you with something else today?
You welcome, have a great day!
Sure why type of table would you like?
Perfect see if you like these
What about these in gray will they work for you?
Is this the one you liked, the Finnur Coffee table with Tray top?
Perfect, so glad you like it
The price is $96.77 but can go up to $449.99
34.25 x 34.25 x 15.99 and the price is $235.99
Of course, I have that added to your cart for you. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No problem, have a great day and enjoy.
Sure.  I'm happy to help you with that.  What's your color preference?
Here are some options. What do you think?
This is the Sirine Ottoman.  It features cabriole legs.
It's 24 by 23.99 by 16.5.  It has natural brown legs and wrapped in a polyester blend upholstery.  It doesn't list the color name, but does appear with other gray options.
Yes.  It's listed for $162.99.
This one has the same tufted top.
Sure.  I've added that ottoman to your cart. Would you like anything else?
Have a good evening.
Of course I have some lamps in mind.
Do you like any of these modern lamps?
What about the next series I just sent you?
What do you think about these?
Sure, its a Bohl 22" desk lamp
Sure what do you think about these selections?
So sorry, I shared some others for you, did you want to look at the first one?
I'm sorry about that, is there anything else I can look up for you?
Sure. Here's a couple accent chairs, we have many more in-stock so let me know if you would like to see some more. Are you looking for anything in specific?
There you go, let me know what else I can do for you.
Sure. Here's a couple other accent chairs for you to look at.
There you go. This is our Dewitt Barrel Chair. It's the perfect seating addition to your home!
This is the only color we have in stock right now.
Sure. Here's the back.
This rounded back chair is upholstered with a polyester blend and filled with foam. It is easily assembled with detachable legs. This chair is child friendly and easily cleaned with soap and water.
This chair measures 38"H x 46" W x 44" D.
$399.99
I have placed it into your cart. Thanks for shopping with us today and have a merry Christmas!
Lets see what I can help you find in the catalog. Do you have anything special in mind
I have a few for you to take a look at. Here are the first 3 would you like to take a closer look at any of these?
Oh The Luther is a bold open design. This is an eye catching anchor to any room
The price today is $379.99
I have started a cart for you. Can I show you anything else today?
Your welcome. Have a good day
I found a few couches you may like.
How about these?
Here you go.
This is $729.99.
The width is 89.9 inches, the depth is 39 inches and the height is 40.08 inches.
The cushions are filled with foam and fiber-fill.
I have added this to your cart.
Enjoy your day.
Yes, what color are you looking for?
Ok, and what price range are you trying to stay under?
You are in luck. We have these 4 choices. Which one is best for you?
I am so sorry about that. Can you see them now?
These are all able to hold up to 5 people and are extremely sturdy.
60" W, 36" D and 50" L
The material is faux suede for it is easy to clean on a strong mahogany base.
It is only $799.99
Yes and would you also like me to add it to your favorites?
Sounds great. Is there anything else that you would like me to help you with?
Have a wonderful night.
Do you have a style in mind
I dont have that but I do have modern, traditional and vintage are a few styles I have
Do you have a color in mind
here are a couple of the traditional ones
it also has a place to store board games etc.
I seem to be having a problem sharing the middle ottoman with you
It is 79.99
I will place it in your cart. Have a great rest of the day
Yes I would love to help, what color?
Great I have two different white ones in stock, would you like to see pictures?
Here you go, does either of these look good to you?
Yes of course width -  52 / depth- 18 / height -36
There is the left and the right side!
It is made from natural wood.  The drawers have metal glides
Do you like this one? It is a little smaller at 45.03
Here you go. This one is priced at 122.99 which is a very nice deal as well!
I will add this to your cart!
Here are some for you
Ok, here are some brown sofas
The Alvarado Loveseat is the least expensive of the available brown sofas
Here you go
It is the Alvarado Loveseat. It is a streamlined loveseat that lends any layout a dash of mid-century appeal. It is crafted from solid rubberwood
Ok, I'll add it to your cart.
You're welcome
I can help you with that. I can show you some dining tables, coffee and cocktail tables, and end tables
Here are a few end tables for you.
Here is a closer look at the first table.
Here is the view from the top.
This end table is 12.75 inches wide.
It is 22.75 inches high.
This end table cost $144.99.
It is 22 inches deep.
Make it a good day.
What kind of chairs are you looking for?
What about these chairs?
That chair is $177.99.
Here it is from the left.
I will add it to your cart.
Glad to help!
Of course I can! What style are you looking for?
Here are our popular brown end tables. Which would you like to see?
This is the Uriarte Side Table, viewed from the top.
This end table is 23.54 inches in width, 25.64 inches in depth and 30.99 inches in height.
Not the Uriarte end table, but this Kellie End Table has a similar style in the color gray. What do you think of this?
Sure! The Uriarte table is priced at $143.99.
The Uriarte Side Table has been added to your cart. Thank you for shopping with us!
Do you have a specific color island you're interested in?
Black. White. Gray. Brown.
Here are some gray island choices for you.
The prices are from $122.99-1339.99.
You're welcome.
Sure. What color are you looking for?
What decor style are you looking for? A modern, a traditional one or something else?
Is there a price range you are wanting to stay in?
I have this kitchen island that will work for you. I am sending you a picture now.
It looks like it is white.
I sent you a side pic and also found another model in brown.
I sent a picture of the top for you to see.
Ok I sent the top, side and front brown pictures of the brown one.
The price is 122.99.
I will be happy to put it in your shopping cart for you.
You are welcome. Goodbye for now.
Okay, what color you like?
I just showed you three brown light brown and a tan one?
That happen a lot i can describe them?
Roswell lounge chair Perfectly at home in contemporary aesthetics, the frame of this piece is crafted from solid wood in a medium espresso finish.. Joan silver lounge chairCombining sleek elegance and ergonomic design makes this chair ideal for the lounge area and living room at home.... Kayla lounge chair  this side chair brings contemporary style with a touch of rustic appeal to any space.
I don't understand the question?
Oh the other one is green.
You want all them?
Great you got it, thank you for shopping.
You too goodnight.
I'll be happy to help. Are you interested in a particular style?
Our island are all free-standing and would not accommodate a dishwasher. Take a look at this one and tell me what you think.
Here are a couple of others. Can you see them?
I have one that has a terracotta ceramic tile countertop that you might like. Its price is 1339.99.
Is there a color or decor style you would prefer?
Okay, here are some brown dining room chairs.
Yeah, here it is. It's a shirk ladder back solid wood dining chair.
It is the low price of 151.99.
Yes, this is what it looks like.
It is saved.
Likewise, you too.
Is there a certain color that you like?
Here are a few selections in black. Do you like any of them?
Sure! This is the Ibiza Sofa.
Here you go! This one features flared arms, a clean-lined silhouette, and button tufted accents on each back cushion. Crafted from a wood frame, it has four black block feet while up top it flaunts foam-filled microfiber upholstery awash in a solid neutral color for a look that complements nearly any color palette.
Absolutely! We have these three in black available.
This sofa seats 3. Its Depth is 32 inches, Height is  32.7 inches, and Width is 78.7 inches.
It has a wood frame with plastic legs and micro-suede upholstery.
Certainly! I have added it to your cart. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
It's been a pleasure!
Surely, I can help you find one and are you particular about any color?
Here are some of them and if you do not like these I can show you some more.
How about these? Do you like any of them?
Is this the one you are asking me about?
The name of this bookcase is Bowerbank Standard Bookcase. It is made in the USA from manufactured wood. Its understated frame gets a little more eye-catching with label accents.
The cost of this bookcase is $185.32 and we can give you some discount for the holiday season. Probably a 10% off, the tagged price.
Yes of course, I definitely will add this item to the cart. Would you interested in seeing some more furniture items? We have an ongoing promotional offer that says you buy two items and you get a gift card of $20.00 for a future purchase.
Are you looking for something traditional or modern?
Do you want a specific color for the sofa?
Sure, this is the Avery Sofa Bed.
Yes, It has a top of manufactured wood frame, features foam cushions and a queen size innerspring matress
This is how it looks from the right.
This sofa also has removable cushion covers simple to clean on washing machines.
This sofa is currently at $1,049.
I just added this sofa to your cart. Is there something else I can help with with?
Hello,  Yes I can. What type of table are you looking for?
Okay.  Is there a particular dining table that you want?
What color would you like to have?
I'm sorry my screen is down right now so I can't share the views with you.  I can give you some information on some tables that I have.  I have a Conners solid wood dining table that I think you will like.
The price is $514.00
Thank you so much for shopping with us.
I would be happy to help. Do you have a color in mind?
sounds good. do you have a decor style in mind?
great choice. do you have a certain room you intend to put it in?
great do you have a budget?
here is one what do you think about it?
Here is one what do you think
$68.92
added to cart. anything else I can do for you today?
youre very welcome
We don't have any white rugs. Would you like another color?
This one is beige, very close to white.
Yes, the width is 3.15 inches, the depth 89 inches, and the height 0.36 inches.
It is made of polypropylene.
It is listed for $44.99.
Sure, I will add them to your cart. Would you like anything else?
You too. Happy Holidays!
Sure, what kind are you looking for.
How about these?
This one?
$66.99
Traditional
What color would you like me to check on?
Sorry I am not finding anything.
your welcome.
Sure! You might be interested in these kitchen islands.
Sure! Here you go.
Sure! Here you go.
This a lockwood kitchen island, it cost $1339.99.
I do apologize that is the only black kitchen island we have, you might be interested in these?
You sure can! The minimum price for the lockwood kitchen island is $122.99.
Sure, here you go.
Ok I'll add this to your shopping cart.
Are you looking for end table or coffee table?
I have 3 tables available for you
I am sorry but I have one end table available for you.
It's a Darius End Table with storage. No, not modern but clean lined styled.
The price is $87.81
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, same to you
Yes, what color do you have in mind?
Does this fit your descriptions?
This is the Hobgood Deluxe Tuffed Storage Ottoman...It priced at $148.99
Sure, no problem. How about this one?
Of course! Here you go.
It showcases a square frame supported by four tapered rubberwood legs.
Yes, it's width: 35.5in, depth: 35.5, height: 17.5 in.
It's priced at 196.99.
I'll do just that.
No problem. You have a good day.
Sure. These are some sofas we have available.
This is the Alvarado Loveseat that is crafted from solid rubberwood and features flared legs, angular arms, and a warm pecan stain for a natural feel.
Width: 53.75, Depth: 33.5, and Height: 32.5.
The price is $319.99.
The Granville Sofa is constructed from premium quality materials and it features a wooden frame that is strong and long lasting. It has tapered wooden legs that ensure maximum stability for years to come.
Width: 86, Depth: 38, and Height: 36.
The price is $759.99.
Sure. I've added that item to your cart for you.
You're welcome.
Is there a certain color you would like?
Here are two that I found.
It is $209.28
It is $134.99
The width is 31.73 in and the depth is 12.72 in and the height is 65.98 in
Width 25.15 in depth 18.17 in height 60 in
Sure
I can definitely help you find a new sofa. Do you have a color in mind?
I don't have any sofas currently in blue, would another color work?
We have quite a few available in gray, here's a few.
This is our Hattiesburg model.
Most certainly.
A solid hardwood frame, sinuous supports, and foam fibers to make it comfortable
This model is a deal at $729.99
I can definitely ad this to your cart. Anything else I can help you with today, as well?
Thank you or shopping with us
Sure thing. What type of table do you have in mind?
And what color do you have in mind for this dining table?
I'm afraid we don't have any of those colors. Would you be interested in brown? Or black?
And where would you like to place this dining table?
And finally, what shape would you like this dining table to be? Is it rectangular? Or oval shaped?
Would this one be to your taste?
It's crafted from solid wood.
59.67 by 41.97 by 30.16 inches.
It's called Fortville Extendable Solid Wood Dining Table, at a cost of $519.99.
Doing so now. Will that be all for today?
Your welcome.
Ok, I am happy to help. Do you have a certain color or style in mind?
Here are some chairs.
Here is the info you requested.
Here is the top
The material is faux leather and the name is Blake Side chair.
the width is 17.51 inches, the depth is 20.71 inches, and the height is 33.17 inches.
The price is $149.99.
Sure thing! I added them to your cart. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Good afternoon. Sure, what kind of table are you looking for.
Are you looking for the oval table or the rectangle
Its a rectangle table, here you go have a clear view.
ok, give me a minute let me find it out for you. I only have this one in brown, are you looking for another color.
Price is $146.5 you want me to turn the table
Its made out of solid pine wood.
Can I assist you with anything else or do you like me to add this to your cart.
Thank you. Have a good day to you too.
What style of sofa are you interested in?
yes sure
I do apologize I do not see anything in gray, is there another color?
I do apologize I do not see brown either
Yes the dimensions are width: 98.5, depth: 92.1, height: 67.5
1049.00 is the price on the gray sofa
My pleasure
Here are a few black accent chairs. What do you think of these chairs?
Yes, the middle one is a nice chair. Do you want to see a different view of it?
Sure! What do you think of .the left side of this chair?
This chair is $416.99. Do you want any more information?
Sure! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you and have a good night.
Hi there, what kind of table do you have in mind?
Here are a few options that you may like, please let me know if you want a closer look at any.
How about this one, this is our Silvis Coffee Table.
Okay, these are our black options.
Here are some others
This is our Syndor Coffee Table.
I have added the table to your cart, thank you for your business.
Sure. I can help you find two Kitchen islands. Here are a couple islands, do you like any of them or are you looking for anything specific?
Sure. I can help you find two Kitchen islands. Here are a couple islands, do you like any of them or are you looking for anything specific?
Sure. I can help you find two Kitchen islands. Here are a couple islands, do you like any of them or are you looking for anything specific?
Sure. I can help you find two Kitchen islands. Here are a couple islands, do you like any of them or are you looking for anything specific?
It would be my pleasure to assist you today. Is there a color preference?
This is a Casas Coffee Table. Do you like this one?
The dimensions on the table, the width is 36.05, the depth is 36.05 and the height is 18.01.
The price is $161.99.
I have added this to your cart. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You are welcome and have a great day!
We would be happy to assist you with choosing a sofa that suits your needs.  What style are you shopping for?
Yes, we have a large selection available. How about these?
Yes, here is a closer view.
It is on sale for $399.99.
Would you like to see some others?
Certainly! Here is a view of the second one.
The measurements are 58 1/8 x 32 x 41 1/2".  This one is from our year end clearance for only $249.99 at half off.
Yes, I have saved the item to your cart.
My pleasure!  Thank you for shopping with us.  Have a great day!
Ok, one moment. How about these?
This is our Wylie Rectangular Drawer Coffee Table.
$168.99
Here you go
47.1 inches.
Sure thing. I added this to your cart. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I can help you with that. Can you please provide me more details on the island you are looking for?
This particular one is traditional set with some shelves in the middle.
It is black. I also tried to share it.
Yes, I have a brown one and a gray one.
The brown one cost $579.99.
You are welcome. I will save it for later.
Make it a good day!
Do you like any of these? Provide more specifications for better results.
How is this?
Here is the side.
42x23x18in.
It has a matte silver finish and mirrored panels. There is no other same model with a different color.
$234.06. Are you good with that?
I have added it to your favorites.
Hi, is there a specific color you are looking for?
How do these look?
This is the only other one we have
This lovely cocktail ottoman takes inspiration from midcentury design. It is made of 100% polyester upholstery supported by 4 tapered Rubberwood legs.
The dimensions are 35.5 by 35.5 by 17.5
The price is 196.99
Okay I will do that. Is there anything else you are looking for?
Okay thats great. Have a nice day!
I would be happy to help. Did you have a color in mind?
Sounds good. Do you have a decor style in mind?
Great choice. Did you have a specific room you intended to put it in?
Good idea. Did you have a budget in mind?
Here is a blue one. What do you think?
Sure! Added to cart. That is actually the only blue one we have and I don't see any red accent chairs.
Great to hear
Here are a few.
Do any of these work for you?
This is the Randall Armchair.
The width is 28.7 inches, the depth is 32.98 inches and the height is 31.42 inches.
Here is the side view.
I apologize, but there is no information on the type of fabric, that is used.
The price is showing $416.99.
I've added it to your favorites.
Goodbye for now.
Okay, did you have a certain style of small ottoman in mind?
Okay, and did you have a price?
Oh, I love that! Are any of these catching your eye?
Great choice. Here is the Sirine Ottoman.
Yes, Here is a look at the Sirine Ottoman from the Side.
The Dimensions are W: 24 D: 23.99 H:16.5
This ottoman is wrapped in a plush polyester blend and crafted from sold wood.
The price is $162.99
I have added this item to your cart. and Yes you can get free shipping.
My pleasure, and Happy Holiday's to you aswell.
I hope so. Do you have a color or style in mind?
No sorry, but here are some popular ones.
Brown, tan, dark espresso, also wood finishes.
This island is crafted with solid oak wood.
This view shows the matching stools.
They are included.
This island sells for $1339.99.
I have added this to your cart. You are welcome.
What color would you like your bookcase to be?
Here are some options I found in black, do you like any of these?
This one is a great accent piece for any room
It is 22 inches wide, 14.46 deep, and 70 tall
Yes it comes in an espresso
Absolutely! They are added
You are very welcome, it was my pleasure
Sure, what color would you like to see?
I can add walnut as a material.  What about decor style?
Is modern okay?
What about a price range? Do you have a minimum or maximum price?
lets see what is generated for you?
Sure thing, no problem! We have, Dining Tables, End Tables and Coffee and Cocktail Tables!
No problem! We have a wide selection of tables! Do any of these catch your eye?
Okay! This is the Silvis Coffee Table. Do you like this one?
sure thing! This is the perfect pick for modern farmhouse aesthetics. It showcases a streamlined frame with a rustic wood top supported by two x-crossed sides.
This one has a price tag of $319.99.
You got it! I've added this to your cart to make your checkout experience convenient and simple.
Hello, what kind of chair would you like ? Dining, accent or office?
What color would you like?
Here are some of our black accent chairs.
Yup, this is the Randall Armchair.
Yes this is a side view.
Yes, it has a price of 416.99 and its dimensions are width 28.7, depth 32.98 and height 31.42. Those are all the details I have.
Sure! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No problem, have a great day
Yes, He are some in black
Okay, no problem. Are these better.
No problem.
Ok
No problem. I hope you enjoy.
I'm glad I found what you were looking for.
Sure. These are some of the sofas we have available to order.
The black sofa is priced at $759.99.
This sofa is perfect for a retro style home. This sofa is constructed from premium quality materials.
Sure. This is a rear view of the sofa.
This sofa is made from premium hard wood.
Sure. This sofa is perfect for any room in your home.
Of course. I have added this to your cart.
You're welcome.
How about these?
This is the Oridatown Standard Bookcase.
This has a width of 31.73 inches, a depth of 12.72 inches and a height of 65.98 inches.
This one is bigger. It has a width of 40.04 inches, a depth of 13.01 inches and a height of 72.03 inches.
This is from the left.
It is constructed of metal and it features a clean lined frame awash in a warm brass finish.
This is the back.
This is showing $233.99.
I'll add it to your cart.
Sure, I will be glad to help. Are you looking for round table or rectangle.
Please have a look at the images and let me know which one do you prefer.
Sorry my screen is frozen I don't think i can share the image.
Dimensions are W-46.91 D-23.5 H-15.97
It has a modern appeal, 3 tire to display stacked books
Price is $379.99
Sure, definitely i will add this to your cart. Have a good night.
Hi, I can help you find one today. Do you have a color or decor style in mind?
Sorry, we don't have any red accent chairs. However, we do have this one, which features a bold color.
The dimensions are as follows: 25.64" W x 25.31" D x 35.35" H
It is listed at $279.99
Here are some of our other ottomans.
Here are some more options
Here are a few more options
This is the Crescentia Slipper Chair. It has four gently tapered legs finished in espresso and a solid wood rame wrapped in cotton upholstery.
This is as close as I can get it, but here is a side view. It is a slipper chair.
You're welcome. I have added it to your cart as requested. Have a great evening.
Sure, which size you are loking for
Sure, which kind of shape you mind, circle, rectangle?
we have different colors as well, would you like to see in grey color?
Here is one of the most recommended. It is cotton craft. Hand Knitted Cable Style Dori Pouf - Ivory - Floor Ottoman - 100% Cotton Braid Cord - Handmade & Hand Stitched - Truly one of a Kind Seating
Here it is (shows ottoman)
It has been added. Thank you for the purchase.
I would be happy to help. Do you have a color in mind?
Sounds good what color is your furniture?
Great are you planning on putting this in the kitchen?
Do you like this one?
32x16x34
do you like this one?
$206.99
Added to cart. Anything else I can do for you?
You are very welcome!
Okay here are some of our options. Do you have a color in mind?
Here are some traditional styles. Do you see any you like?
Solid oak wood
$1339.99
okay I will. is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Okay, any certain style or color? Here are a few
Here are a couple
This is the Ermont Etagere Bookcase
I'm sorry, but I do not have any details on the materials it's made of.
W-23.46" D-11.62", H-56.77"
Just 81.59
Certainly, we don't charge extra for those things
You are most welcome & Merry Christmas to you as well!
Hi, Sure I can help you. How about theses end tables?
Yes, they are the smallers options
This is the Colleen End Table.
The dimensions are: width 13.4 in x depth 13.4 in x Height 20in
This is the top view.
Sure, I added to your cart as you requested. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You welcome, have a great day and happy holidays!
Sure! Is there a specific color you would like?
Here are some we have in stock. Would you like to see more or take a closer look at one of these?
Sure here is a closer view of the Coggin Tufted Ottoman.
It's dimensions are Width 35.95 inches Depth 17.97 inches Height: 18.5 inches
$115.99
Sure thing! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
okay,do you have astyle in mind
Noted, do you have a price range?
Sure, Based on your information, this is what I have for you
I'm sorry, that is all the islands we have in the color brown. Would you like to change your color preference?
Would you like an end table in the color brown?
Sure, this is what I have in stock
I'm sorry, an end table is very short
Would you be open to seeing grey islands?
Sorry for the inconvince, were expecting more items in brown very soon.
Alright. Any specific style?
Here's two options.
This is the Hedon Island with Stainless Steel Top.
It's solid and manufactured wood with modlings and raised panel detail with four locking feet.
52" W x 18" D x 36" H
The price is 449.99.
I've added it to your cart.
What kind of kitchen island are you looking for?
What about these kitchen islands?
What about these kitchen islands?
This is a Crisfield Kitchen Island.
It is 45 inches in width, 15 inches in depth, and 35 inches in height. It is priced at $122.99.
This is a Shounak Kitchen Cart.
It costs $329.99. It is 46 inches in width, 20 inches in depth, and 36 inches in height.
Those are like a drying rack.
Yes of course.
Same to you.
i can help you with that. We have dining table, coffee tables and cocktail tables.
no problem. Any preference in color?
Here are our 3 options for black sofas.
Here you go!
42 wide by 24 deep by 30 tall
$569.99
Yes of course. Here you go!
yes I can
You as well!
Thank you for shopping with us today! Here are some ottoman's. Let me know if you would like to see some more.
Sure, here you go.
That one is $179.99.
Alright, I will add this product to your cart. Thanks for shopping with us today!
No problem. Let us know if we can help you with anything else.
Yes I can help you with that. Were you looking to find an accent chair or a dining room chair?
This is the Roudebush Solid Wood Dining Chair.
This chair is crafted from rubberwood and has a seat perched atop flared legs and showcases a slatted black giving a traditional appeal to your dining room set up.
It has a width of 21.5, a depth of 20.76, and a height of 36.48.
It's priced at 112.4.
Great. I've added it to your cart.
You're welcome.
No problem. Do you have a color you like?
This is the only office chair in this color.
That is the only office chair I have. Would you like looking at accent chairs?
Let me know what you like.
I'm sorry that these aren't what you looking for.
Anytime.
Do you have any color in mind?
What do you think about these ones?
What about these?
These are the only last three we have.
This is the Fitzhugh Kitchen Island.
It has a stainless steel surface and 2 slatted shelves.
The price is $409.99
Consider it done. Do you need help with anything else?
Ok. Have a great day!
Sure. Any preferences in terms of color, decor style and intended room?
Based on your preference. I recommend this.
Width: 91.77, Depth: 91.63 and Height: 0.5.
It costs $40.41.
Here you go
Ok, it has been added to your shopping cart.
Sure! What kind of chair are you looking for?
Do you like this Dorset Barrel Chair/
Unfortunately that is the only blue color we have in stock. Perhaps, we find other colors?
This is the Dewitt Barrel Chair that comes with pillows.
This chair can be placed either in the entertainment room or your child room. It can supports up to 250 pounds.
This is $399.99
No problem. I'll add it to your cart.
Here is a long black sofa name Granville Sofa
Great let me show you the back of it
This sofa cost 759.99
Wooden frame  this sofa is strong has a square tapered wooden legs.
The measurements are width 86 Depth 38 Height 36
It comes with accent pillows.
It states that it comes in several colors but there no image of the other colors.
Sure be happy to add it to your cart.
You very welcome.
Yes here are some.
Sure here are a few more.
Here are the last three we have in stock.
Yes here it is.
It is made of wood with a marble top.
I have added them to your favorites.
Sure do you have a color in mind?
Yes of course.  Here are three to start.
Okay here is three more.
Yes it is the Ricardo Ladder Bookcase.  It is crafted from manufactured wood and budget friendly.
height is 70
69.99
It has been added to your cart.
Okay, how can I be of service?
Sure, I can help with this. do you have a specific color in mind?
These are some sofas we have in stock
width:57.74, Depth:30.28, and Height: 49.91
We have this sof in red
639.99
That information s not available
Okay, this item has been added to your cart. Is this all for today?
your welcome.
Sure. Here are few options you might like.
Here's a closer look. This is a Darius End Table with Storage.
Sure can. Here you go.
Here you go.
Width: 12, Depth: 24, Height: 24.27 inches
Unfortunately, I do not have material information. End table features two tiers of shelving.
You got it. Table has been added to your cart.
You're welcome.
Sure is there a special color
Here are some of the coffee tables we have available
This is a Treece coffee table with tray top
This table retails for $214.99
Would you like me to add this to your cart
Your welcome
Sure, I'd be glad to help you... what decor style are you looking for?
Here are some traditional end tables you might like.
Here is one in white.
The width is 24.06. the depth is 24.06 and the height is 24.14.
It is made of metal and glass.
It's $219.99, would you like me to add it to your cart?
The table has been added to your cart, is there anything else I can help you with?
Here are a couple of our vintage sofas do you like one of these
This is one of our black Granville Sofa's
The dimensions are Width 86 Depth 38 and Height is 36
Here are some of our traditional ones
This is our Hattiesburg Sterling Sofa
No problem you have a good day
Sure no problem. What colors do you want?
Ok. Here is the one we have in stock.
This table is $1339.99
This is the only black island but here are some others
The Crisfield Kitchen Island cost $122.99
You're welcome ;)
I can help with that. What type of table are you looking for?
Here is two of our smaller coffee tables. Do you like either of those?
What color are you looking for?
We do not have many small ones in brown but here are a few more examples.
That is our Bassiewood Coffee Table. it is 44" x 22".
This one is $146.50.
Sure. And this one is made of solid pine and manufactured wood.
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
My pleasure.
We have dining tables, end tables, coffee tables. Which one are you interested in?
These are the three types of black dining tables we have.
Sure. This is the Cordelia Solid Wood Dining Table.
This table is a great option for lending your home a mid-century-inspired look.
The price is $534.99
It is crafted from a blend of solid and manufactured wood.
I'll add this to your shopping cart. Are you interested in anything else?
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Sure, do you know how many shows it should have?
Take a look at the Stoneford Etagere Bookcase.
Take a look now.
It's price is $66.99
Take a look at this angle to see the clean-lined shelves and tasteful moldings.
I don't know the type of wood but can tell you it's built from solid and manufactured wood.
I hope this bookshelf fits nicely in your home. It's now in your cart. Have a nice day.
Sure. Do you have a style in mind?
We have these 3 in black.
Of course. This is the Bowerbank Standard
Yes. Here it is.
Width 52.78 Depth 13.02 Height 47.12
It retails at 182.32
It has been added to your cart. Could I assist you with anything else?
Thank you.  You as well.
Sure. What color?
Here is the only brown bookcase we have.
The price is $81.59
The dimensions are W: 23.46, D: 11.62, and H: 56.77
Great. I'll add it to your cart.
Your welcome :)
Sure I can help you with that. Is there a particular color you would like?
I'm sorry we don't have anything in red. However here are some of the ones we have in stock.
Great! Here's a closer look.
Sure, Here's a view from the top.
The dimensions are: Width: 47.29. Depth: 17. Height: 31.23
The price is $206.99
Yes! I can add it to your cart if you'd like?
It's been added to your cart. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great day!
You are welcome!
I can help you with that. Is there a particular style you are looking for?
How does this one look?
This is the Sowerby Solid Wood Chair.  It measures 35.5"Hx17.75" W x 20.75" D
It is $159.99
Here is a nice set of two that is priced at $82.99
They are only available in this lovely rustic brown finish.
The items have been added to your cart.
Something like this?
The one on the right or left?
That is the Dorset Ivory Area Rug.
How about some of these?
How about the Marcelo Hand-Tufted Wool/Cotton Ivory area rug?
This rug showcases a concentric diamond motif. It is made in India and is hand tufted from a wool and cotton blend.
The price tag is $63.99.
I'll add it to your cart now.
Goodbye for now.
Sure. These are part of our collection, please let me know if you like some of them.
Here are 3 more end tables for our collection. What do you think?
Here you have 2 more with shelves underneath.
You welcome, But I have some more tables to show you!
Hi! Do you have  a specific color in  mind?
I'm not able to share any pictures, but we have two a micro-fabric chairs in white..
These particular modern style chairs are $169.
Sure, we have three gray chairs. The first one is a retro modern fabric accent Upholstery chair.
The price for this one is $139.99.
Sure! I have saved these chairs to your shopping cart. Anything I can help you with?
You're welcome. Here is the top of chair. Do you like it?
Great! You're very welcome. I've saved the tables for you. Have a great day.
OK. I have many I can show you. Are you looking for end tables, coffee tables, or dining tables?
I have several in stock. Do you have a color or style preference?
Here are three categorized as rustic. Do you like any of these?
This is the Cainsville table that comes as a pair. These are crafted with a powder-coated metal frame and laminate top and shelf.
This is a view of the back. Basically, a square design.
The pair of tables sells for $126.54.
I have added these to your cart. Would you like to see anything else?
You are welcome.
Sure. Do you have any color in mind?
This are some of the white ottomans that we have.
Sure! This is the Coggin Tufted Ottoman.
Yes. This is a right view.
36" W x 18" D x 19"H
The price is $115.99
Done! Can I help you with something else?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Yes of course. Did you have a style in mind?
Ok.  Here are two that we have in stock. What do you think?
Yes here is the bronwood armchar
The foundation is solid walnut and birch wood and the seat is a polyester blend
I've just checked the price for you and it is $289.99
Ok I've added it to your cart. Is there anything else?
you as well!
These look nice wouldn't you say?
I also have these available. Do you like these selection?
This is the Scipio Ottoman. Is this what you are looking for?
Yes. This is 28" Width, 19" Depth and 17.96" height.
This one is $116.99.
Yes. I just added it right now. Anything else?
You are welcome. Have a merry Christmas.
Yes, I can. What's your color and style preference.
Here is a black one with designs on it. Do you like it?
What about these gray ones. Do you like any of them?
This is the haywood swivel barrel chair.
Here's a left side view.
The dimensions are Width: 32.22, Depth: 30.44 and Height: 31.99.
It costs $469.99.
Sure, it has been added to your cart.
It was my pleasure. You too.
Sure. We have various colors and sizes.  These are the first choices. Do you have a preference?
These are some nice options.  We have white and a grayish.
This one is called the Bergh 17.  It stands at 17" tall.  It's brushed metal frame features an adjustable design
It is a very affordable price of $37.99.
Sure. It has been added to your cart. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Ok.  Have a great day!
Sure, what color are you looking for?
Here are some options:
Sure, here it is:
It is made out of oak wood.
Sure, it is 60 inches wide, 44.92 inches deep, and 44.33 inches in height.
It is listed at $1339.99.
I have added the Lockwood Kitchen Island to your cart. Can I help you with anything else?
You are very welcome. Happy holidays!
Yes, I can help you. What style of ottoman are you searching for today?
Here are a few cube-styled ones to choose from. Let me know if you see something you like and I can provide you with more info.
Yes, we are having difficulties but I would be happy to describe the ottomans and get you pricing info.
I have one called the Biltmore. It's cubed shaped and has a fancy design. It's priced at $199.99
Blue and red
I have one called The Lump. This ottoman is green and purple. What colors are you looking for exactly?
I have one in black and white available. It costs $129.99
It's a swirl damask design
You're welcome. Goodbye for now.
I can help with that. Which room are you looking to purchase one for?
Here are some accent chairs we have available.
This is the Sidibe Swivel Barrel Chair is polyester upholstered adding an unexpected dash of drama to your favorite aesthetic.
Width: 26.9 Depth: 25.73 Height 27.21
$319.99
You're welcome. I've added it to your cart. Have a nice day!
Yes, I can. What is your color and style preference.
What do you think about this?
Sure. It is the Baffin Cube Ottoman and it acts as a stylish stand-in for a coffee table. It has a square frame crafted from plastic with a removable polyester blend upholstery in a stripped pattern.
Width: 17.01, Depth: 17.01 and Height: 16.81.
All our dimensions are in inches.
The Nobles storage ottoman is also a good one.
You too, enjoy the rest of your day.
Sure thing! Tell me if you're thinking of a dining table, an end table, or a coffee table please.
Take a look at these two white dining tables, and tell me what you think.
Sure, this is the Affric Glass Dining Table, and it's made of tempered glass.
My pleasure.
The width and depth are both 53.97 inches. The top is 31.1 inches off the floor.
It's priced at $489.99. Would you like me to add it to your cart?
Have a nice day. Hope you'll come back again.
Hi, do you have a specific style you like?
How much do you want to spend?
What do you think about this one, Monarch Black Kitchen Island With Seating.
Sure, here you go?
Okay here it is?
Its made of  hardwoods and feature a rich multi-step Black finish with an oak veneer profiled top for an aged look with a granite insert
About size 46 in. W x 25 in. D x 36.
Its $ $1,100
Yes you got it.
You welcome, goodbye.
I'd be happy to! Here are a few of our many options. Are you just browsing or looking for a certain color?
Here are some more options.
Sure! this is the Tucson 39.5 model.
This one is 44.77" wide, 29.25" deep, and 31.28" tall. Would you like to see a different angle?
Here you go.
Here is the back view. The seat and back are padded with foam and upholstered with faux leather that's easy to wipe clean.
This one is $299.99. Does this fit in your price range?
Great! I've just added it to your cart! Thank you! We appreciate your business!
sure no problem did you have a color in mind
ok great have a look at these
ok here is a better look at the Hattiesburg Sterling Sofa
sure here you go
it is made of a solid hardwood frame, sinuous spring supports and foam and fiber fill
89.9 width depth 39 and heigth 40.08
your welcome it only 729.99
sure I'll add it to your cart may I help you with anything else
Sure. I am happy to help you. What color would you like?
OK.  Here are a couple to choose from.
Here is another set
Is this the chair you are interested in?
OK.  This is the Huling Dining Chair.  The price is $177.99.
Sure. Anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day!
Hello, which color you are considering?
And which size you need, large small?
And are you considering classical style or something modern?
here is one of the options. Liberty Black Kitchen Cart with Stainless Steel Top by Home Styles.
Due to some tec issues I cannot share the picture. Its Constructed of hardwood solids and engineered wood in a Black finish with a 0. 8 mm thick stainless steel Top.
Sure. I will keep it foe you. Something else I can help with.
Thanks, good night!
I have a few desk lamps do you have a certain look your going for
The Cremorne LED 28 that is perfect for illuminating your work!
That would be our Mentzer Table Lamp, not only fitting for your desk its a great for a nightstand to!
Im sorry I missed the zoom. This little lamp will give any room a mini makeover with its addition
This curved steal beauty is only $127.99
I have added this to your cart. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Thank you for shopping with us today. Enjoy your day.
Great! Do you have a color or style in mind?
We have 3 styles of black bookcases in stock.
You bet! This is the Bowerbank Standard Bookcase.
Here it is from the side.
It costs 185.32
You are welcome. Have a nice day!
I would be happy to help. Do you have a color in mind?
Did you have a decor style in mind?
Did you have a certain room you intended to put it in?
Did you have a budget in mind?
Is this what youre looking for?
Its an ottoman. You can sit on it or use it to put your feet up. Its $82.81
You're welcome. I added it to your cart. Anything else I can do for you?
Have a good day.
Is there a certain type you are looking for?
Do either of these better suit your needs?
Blending the charm of farmhouse with modern minimalism this understated bookcase brings style to any space.
This one is 23.46 inches wide, 11.62 deep and 56.77 inches tall
I am sorry it is only available in brown.
Here is a side view.
I will add the item to your cart
You are welcome
Absolutely! Here are a few of our models. Are you interested in a certain color?
Agreed. We have 3 black options for dining tables. Let me know if you'd like a closer look at one.
Here is the middle one. It's our Kenworthy Extendable Dining Table.
This table is 112" wide, 42" deep, and 30" tall. Let me know if you need a different view.
This table is $1269.99. Does this fit your price range?
I'll take care of that right now. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
It was my pleasure to help! Enjoy the rest of your evening!
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Goodnight.
Hi, what color?
what decor style would you like?
How about this one? Does it look like it would suit your needs?
This one is $799.
Here's a profile view.
Great! I'll add this to your shopping cart!
I'm here to assist you. Would you like me to show you a selection or would you like me to search for a specific design style.
Here are a few to browse.
It's called the Torin Sofa.
The price is $519.99.
Here it is.
I sure can. What else would you like to shop for today?
Have a wonderful evening.
What kind of tables are you looking for?
Any specific color you are interested in?
I have these end tables? What do you think of them?
Here you go
of course, This is the top view
This end table cost 95.99
Two Kellie End Table are now in you shopping cart. Would you like to see the coffee tables now?
You're welcome.
Sure, are you looking for any color/model
Here you go.
Here are few more from my collection.
How about these.
Here you go.
Here it is
Price is $62.99
Sure, I will add this to your cart. Do you need help in finding anything else today.
Absolutely here is some of our stock, let me know if anything catches your eye or I can go on to the next page.
Hee is what we have in white, do you like either of these?
Here is a closer look for you
Timeless and traditional, this kitchen island with a stainless steel top is perfect for specialty storage and pre-dinner prep work. Available in a selection of classic finishes, the vanity base is crafted of solid and manufactured wood and features tasteful moldings, raised panel details, and four locking wheel feet
$449.99
Width 52" Depth 18" Height 36"
Absolutely can i assist you with anything else?
I have added two Hedon Kitchen Island with Stainless Steel Top to your cart. Have a great New Year.
What kind of a chair are you looking for?
I am sorry I do not get you because we have dining chairs, accent chairs and office chairs.
We have about a lot of accent chairs and here are the first few and please let me know if you like any from here. Also I would like to know if you have a particular color or style on mind.
We have white chairs that are light colors and here you go.
In white this is all we have.
Here is the middle chair and it costs 279.99.
Sure, I will add it to the cart and at the time of checkout a 10% discount will be applied to your purchase as a seasonal holiday discount for all purchases from the store. Is there anything else I can can help you with?
You are most welcome and thank you for shopping with us. Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas to you and to your family from all of us here!
Sure. Is there any color or style you are looking for?
Here are the 3 black sofas that we have in stock. Do any of these interest you?
Apparently it is out of stock at the moment.  I can't pull it up.  It is the Colston Loveseat made of rubberwood frame.  I can put it on back order for you.
This is called the Granville Sofa.
Sure. Here's the back side of it.
Here's the left side.  It looks very cozy.
Here's a smaller one. It's called the Tucson 39.5.
Here is the back of it.
This is priced at $299.99.
Sure.  This one can seat several people very comfortably.
This one is $759.99.
Great!  It has been added to your cart. Is there anything else that you'd like?
Ok.  Have a great day!
Here are some that may interest you.
yes, do any of these interest you?
Here is a closer look.
price: 24.99
Ok, is that all?
You as well.
here you go
here it is
it is gray collor.made up of wood
sure
width 31.73 depth 12.72 height 65.98
209.28
added.thank you
I would be glad to. Did you have a color preference?
Shouldn't be an issue did you have a decor style in mind?
Did you have a budget in mind?
What do you think of this one?
Yes those are included
60x45x45
It is saved. Anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome
Hi, I can help you with that. Can you tell me if you are looking for a particular color?
Next, can you tell me what room it is for?
Great, now my final question, is there a maximum price you want to pay?
This is the only area rug I have in blue that would suit a living room with blue in it.  It is grey and blue actually.
Is this view better?
Width 96.1 inches, Depth 132.02 inches and Height 0.46 inches
The rug is power-loomed from Turkey and made from polypropylene, a man made material.
It is on only $33.99.
Great, I will add it to your cart.  Likewise you have a great day and thanks for the purchase!
I will be happy to help, is there a certain color you want to look at today?
I have these 3, does any of these look like something you might want to know more about?
This is 519.99
This one is 529.99
This is called the Lester Square Arms, this is a cloth sofa with a wooden frame
would you like for me to add to cart?
your welcome. enjoy your day
I can help with that. DO you have a style or color in mind?
Here is a few in different shades of natural wood. Would you like to see any closer up?
Yes that is our Crisfield Kitchen Island.
Here is an image of the top.
It is 45.03 inches wide, 15.48 deep and 35.31 inches tall. Does that fit in the area needed?
It is our cheapest island and costs $122.99.
Perfect. I will put in your cart now.
MY pleasure.
I'm happy to help. Do you have a color preference?
Okay. Here's one of others we have that are large-sized.
They are 86(W) x 38(D) x 36(H)
$759.99
I'm not quite sure of the exact material but I know it's constructed from premium-quality material.
I've added to your cart. Thank you. Have a great day!
Yes, we do have a variety of ottomans. Is there a specific color or style that you have in mind?
What about a budget? Should be looking in a specific range?
Wonderful, we have a great variety for you. Here are a few for your viewing. Please, let me know if you want additional details on any of the pieces.
Of coarse! This is the Janeen Cocktail Ottoman.
This one is $196.99.
Absolutely, here are a few other black ottomans for your browsing.
Yes, this is similar in style to the last one. It is the Hobgood Deluxe Tufted Storage Ottoman.
This is one is priced a tad bit lower at $148.99.
This ottoman is 43 inches wide.
Hello, I would be happy to assist you with that! Do you have a particular color in mind?
How about this one?
Do you like any of these?
Here you go!
Sure thing! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Here are a few dining chairs that may interest you.
Here is what we have available in gray.
Sure, here you go.
This one is $229.99.
Here's a side view of the Cleland Upholstered Dining Chair.
The dimensions are 19.5" x 23.99" x 34.16"
Sure, here's a better view of it.
The price for this chair is $99.99
Done. I've added four of them to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not a problem. Have a great day.
Here are some islands.
Were you looking for a particular decor style or color?
These are the white kitchen islands we have.
Yes, this is the one black island we have.
Sure, here it is.
The width is 60 inches, the depth is 44.92, and the height is 44.33.
It is added to your cart.
Likewise.
Sure, we have a great selection of kitchen islands. If you see something you like, tell me. Have any prefrences? Share them and I will accommodate you!
Sure, If you would like details about this island, I am wealth of knowledge.
This Hedon Kitchen island is made from natural wood and offers a stainless steal top!
The product size is 36 inches tall, 52 inches wide, and 18 inches deep.
Of course, here is the angle you requested!
Great question.This product can be purchased for $449.99 and is available today!
It is! This island, like most we carry, offers wheels for mobility but also lock into place for stationary convenience.
Great! I have added one Hedon Kitchen Island to your shopping cart. Will there be anytihng else I can assist you with?
Great! It's been a pleasure shopping with you!
Ok sure, here are a few.
no problem, yes. here are a few more.
This is the middle one
a closer look
This one costs 229.99
Of-course the top view
Ok i will add to chart
What color?
Here's the brown one.
This one is cubed shaped.
I don't have the details, sorry.
The dimensions are 36.07 W x 11.61 x 47.64 H
The cost is 68.92
Merry Christmas!!!
Sure what color would you like?
Here is the Hobgood Deluxe tufted storage ottoman. It offers a traditional look with storage space.
43 inches'
$148.99
This one offers storage options and is a bit smaller with a width of 38 inches.
Here are 3 different styles, the ones on the left and right both offer storage options.
Sure here is a closer look.
$86.99
I've added it to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No problem. Do you have a color in mind?
Here are a few. Let me know if you want to see a particular one.
This is our Hobgod Deluxe Tuffed Storage Ottoman.
It is crafted from hardwood. Non-fussy faux leather upholstery in a neutral espresso hue wraps.
The price is $148.99
I will add it to your cart.
Hi, I will surely get you what you are looking for. Do you have any color in mind?
Great, Here are some black Islands for you. Does any suit what you are looking for?
It is made if Iron with brass coat finishing. It is large and of rustic farm-house design
It costs $300 in this Yuletide season
I just added it to your cart. Is there any other thing I can do for you today?
You are most welcome , Do have a great day.
Yes. Is there a style you are looking for?
Here are three options. Would these work for you?
Here is the dining table in black. Would you like to see a different angle?
The Kenworthy Extendable Dining table is a width of 112 inches, depth of 42 inches, and a height of 30 inches.
I will add this to your cart!
You are welcome. Thank you for shopping with us!
Hi, sure. What color are you looking for?
Ok, let me show you what we have.
Sure, we have more if none of these suits your likes.
Yes, it is our Leesburg Bigg Swirl Cocktail Ottoman. Sorry, I don't have info on its material.
$349.99
Great. Let me add it to your cart. Thank you for shopping with us.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I will be glad to help you in your search. What color do you want?
How about this one?
I am sorry but I do not have that information available. I can tell you that it's a Luther coffee table. It has a bold and open design and very eye-catching.
Width is 46.91, Depth 23.5, and Height 15.97.
The price is $379.99
Sure! Here is one for $239.99.
This piece is made from manufactured wood.
The dimensions are: Width 35.5, Depth 35.5 and Height 18.
Sure! Thank you for buying and it's now in your cart.
You too.
Okay, I can help.. this is the only rustic kitchen island that we have
Here you go
This is made of an iron frame with rustic features and a wooden top
yes, here you go
This is 31.23 X 47.29
It is $206.99
here you go
Yes I can do that
sure no problem. What do you think about these
here you go, we can start in the whites. what doy ou think
what about this one
You like any of these?
Sure, is this closer to what you wanted?
its $132.99
Sure no problem. I am adding it now. I hope you enjoy your weekend.
your welcome
Hi, glad to help! We have 9 kitchen islands available. Is there a color that you prefer?
We have brown and gray shades.
Sure! Here's the brown islands we have available.
Sure! Which one would you like the dimensions for?
This is the Shounak Kithcen Cart Solid + Manufactured Wood. The dimensions are 36'' H x 51'' W x 20'' D.
It is $329.99
Perfect, this has been added to your cart. Thanks for allowing me to help.
You as well
Sure which color would you like?
Here are the gray ones we have in stock.
Here is a closer view.
It doesn't specify the type of wood it is made of, however it has a faux marble top.
You're welcome. It's width is 32.13 Depth 16.29 Height 33.9 inches
$189.99
I've saved it. You're welcome.
Sure i will be gladly to assist you with this. i have several this one is a Randall Armchair.
Sure i check for you. Here is 2 brown accent chairs which one you like.
This is a Bronwood Armchair
What about this one this is a Potts Barrel Chair.
The asking price is 171.99
This is the right side of the chair. i can do different angles let me know.
The dimensions for this beautiful chair is  Width 30.69 Depth 27.46 Height 32.16
I be happy to add this beautiful chair to your cart.
sure and what color did you have in mind
no problem have a look at these
ok try some of these
here you go
The Marshallville Side Chiar is inspired by iconic mid-century modern design.
It is made of molded plastic and wood
it's only 59.99
ok no problem is there anything else I can help you with
you too and and enjoy your chairs
Do you have a price range you want to stay within?
Are you looking for a specific color?
How are these?
Here you are.
Here you are.
W 57.74  D 30.28 H 49.91
Hereyou are and I have added the one she wants to the cart.
$319.99
Anyti,e.
oK, i Can help with that, what kind of chair, dining chair or accent chair?
Any particular color in mind?
Yes, pairing a swivel design with a silhoette, this disntinctive barrel chair is sure to spark conversation in your favorite seating space. Its nailhead trim adds a timeless touchto your decor while its olid pattern blends effortlessly into monochromatic and vibrant palettes.
My apologies for that, here is a close up, if you would like to see other angles please let me know.
Great. It is $319
Sure, here is the side view, Sidibe Swivel Barrel Chair
Yes, I can do that for you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You have a great weekend as well.
sure! What color?
Are you looking for a dining room table?
Here are some of the end tables we have in stock
S, The Kellie end table is created from a mix of wood and manufactured wood.
I'm sorry it doesn't say, however the price of this one is: $95.99
Width 17.7 in Depth 17.7 in Height 24 in
Okay, your welcome have a great day!
What kind of chair are you looking for?
Are you looking for a dining chair, accent chair or office chair?
I think this is similar to what you are looking for
The chair sports a rustic brown finish.  The dimensions are 51.08 inches wide, 37.62 inches deep and the heights is 38.25 inches.
The price is listed as $82.99
Thank you, I am adding it to your cart.
Hello, yes I can help you! Is there a certain color that you are wanting?
Here are a few of our styles, do you like any of these? Or would you like to see a few more?
Here is a few more in a variety of colors, how do you like them?
This is our Parksley Storage Ottoman.
It is $265.99 and the upholstery is 100% polyester.
Yes! Thank you for your purchase!
I will be happy to help you, what kind of table are you looking for?
Here are some dinning table. Let me know if you want to see more.
Here you go, a black round table.
No, can I know the color you want?
It's selling for $534.99
It's made from a solid wood.
I will, enjoy it.
It's my pleasure!
Here are a few we have available.
Here you go.
Yes, here you go.
This one is $116.99
This one is the cheapest ottoman we have.
This one features a boxy wood design and plastic design wrapped in polyester and faux leather.
It is $31.99
Yes, I have added this to your cart.
I sure can! Are you looking for dining chairs, accent chairs, or office chairs?
Ok great. Here are some of the dining chairs we currently have available. Is there a specific style or color you are looking for?
Here are some of the black dining chairs we have available. Please let me know if you have any other questions and I would be more than happy to assist you.
Sure thing. Here you go! This is the Fortuna Solid Wood Dining Chair.
Sure here you go
Yes it sure does come as a set and it is $126.28.
I sure can! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're so welcome! Have a great day
We are happy to assist you in your selection of chairs. What type of chairs are you shopping for?
We have traditional, modern, farmhouse, and many other styles to choose from. Which style suits you best?
Is there a specific color you are looking for?
Based on your request, I can recommend this one.
What style chairs are you looking at for the small kitchen table?
Certainly, what other details can I provide for you?
How about these?
We apologize for the inconvenience.  Please try again later.
Here is several end tables Do you have a color in mind?
here is brown end tables
Here some more end tables in stock but no curve legs
this is a Annable end table
The dimensions are Width 26.02 Depth 26.02 Height 26.5
sure anything else i can assist you with.
you very welcome
Here are some lamps for you to browse, you are welcome!
Let me try that again. Thank you for your patience.
Which would you like to know the price of?
The Criegler 21 table lamp is $155.99.
The width is 12.05 inches, the depth 6.58 inches, and the height 21.14 inches.
Yes, here it is up close.
I have added it to your cart! Thank you for purchase.
You are welcome. Have a wonderful evening.
We have several for you to see. Are you looking for any style in particular?
Is this the one you wanted? I has an iron frame and a distressed wood top. The baskets on the bottom shelf are removable. Would you like to see another view of it?
It is available for 122.99. Is that within your desired price range?
Okay, What do you think of these three?
The height on this one is 36 inches.
The top is a combination of both solid and manufactured wood. Did you have a color preference?
This one is also 122.99. Can I show you any others or should I put this island in your cart?
Okay, it's in your cart. You're very welcome!
What type of chair do you need?
Here are a few for you to look at. Let me know if you see one that you like.
This is the Bronwood Armchair. Here's a closer look at it.
Yes, the Potts is similar
Here's a side view
30 x 27 x 32
I have added it to your cart for you.
Sure, are you looking for a dining table?
Do you have a certain color in mind?
Great, here are the black options first. Do you like any?
The Kenworthy table is extendable and made from solid hardwood. Would you like to see another angle?
This left angle shows the beautiful design featured on the legs.
The height is 30 inches, width is 112 inches, and the depth is 42 inches.
It is listed at $1,269.99.
Sure, I will save it for you. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for shopping with us. Happy holidays!
I would love to. Do you have a color?
Great idea. Do you have a decor style in mind?
No problem. Do you have a room you intend to put it in?
Do you have a budget?
do you like it?
there you go
no problem
$172.99
Added to cart. Anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome!
ok, what is your price range?
Here are just a few of our ottomans under $100
Yes, this is the Grimes Pouf.
This is a casual seating to your living room or den. Handrafted from 100% polyester.. Also the bead filling made of Polystyrene offers and extr softness and support
Yes it is $82 and the dimensions are 20width, 20 depth, 14 height
Yes i can, is there anything else I can do for you?
you have a great day as well
are you looking for a a particular color
what style are you looking for
based on your request her are somee results i found
how about now
no problem have a goo day
Sure here are a few, any specific color you need?
How about these?
This Solange Upholstered Chair is on sale today for  $82.99 for TWO of them!
52"W 38"D 39"H
Great! It has been added. Can I interest you in a rug today?
Great, thank you for shopping with us today!
I'm up for the task! The Fortville Solid Wood Dining Table might be the one you're looking for.  It has a turned pedestal base.
Got it! These are our modern tables. Let me know if this is what you have in mind.
This is the Cordelia and it is made of solid wood. It will lend your home a mid-century inspired look.
It measures 70.5" x 43.5" x 29.5" and seats up to six people.
Here is the top view of the oval shaped table with an inlaid starbust pattern.
It is priced at 534.99.
This has a black finish.
Perfect choice! This item is now in your cart. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
I'd be glad to help you with this. Is there a certain color that you think he may like?
Based on your preferences I believe you may like to look at these.
This one is called the Bowerbank Standard Bookcase. It's made in the USA from manufactured wood and it's understated frame gets a little more eye-catching with label accents. The dimensions are 52.78" W. x 13.02" D. x 47.12" H.
Awesome! I think he'll love this one as well. The price of this book case is $185.32.
Absolutely, I'll make a note of it with the purchase if you decide to buy it.
Not a problem, I have added the item to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
My pleasure! Hope he likes the book case. Have a great day!
I'm happy to help. Would you like a particular color today?
Here is a nice one called Brandt in dark gray
Based on that information I found the Virginia Area rug
Yes. The Virginia area rug has a cost of $35.99
The actual material is not listed, but it notes the fibers are stain and fade-resistant.
Would you like me to add this area rug to your shopping cart?
I have several I can show you. Do you have a color or style in mind?
This is the Ermont bookcase with an open back. It is minimalist buy trendy.
This is a view of the side.
This is a ladder style bookcase that has a weathered gray finish.
This sells for $134.99. I turned the image so you can see the laddered shelves.
I have added it to your cart.
Sure, here's a few options. Is there a specific color you'd like to see?
Hopefully, you can view them now.
You're welcome. Please let me know if you'd like to take a closer look.
Yes, here's a closer look of our Oridatown standard Bookcase. It's made of manufactured wood.
Yes, of course. Here is side view, I will share back view next.
Here's the back.
Sorry about that here's the view.
Yes, I have added this item to your cart. Anything else tonight?
I can help you with that, would you like a regular bookcase or a teen book case?
Ok, take a look at these and tell me if you like something you see.
Are these books cases ok?
Yes, here is a closer look?
The dimension is Width 23.46, depth 11.62, height 56.77
The price for the this item is $81.59
Ok, I will add that to your cart, let me know ifI can do anything else for you.
You have a great day.
Sure, anything in particular or just browsing?
How does this one look?
To be honest, it does not mention that in the description.
Width : 22.5" Depth : 23.86" Height: 38"
$207
ok, can I help you with anything else?
This is the only color available.
Not a problem.
Sure! Do you like any of these?
Here it is.
Sure.
I'm unable to turn it any way due to the tool being frozen. Anything else you would like to know?
Have a good day.
Sure, what color are you looking for?
Are you looking for a certain style?
What is your price range?
Great, how are these options?
It is listed at $963.84.
Your very welcome.
Any priice range?
A specific color?
How is this one?
Here is the top.
It is $219.99
It is now in your cart. Is there anything else for today?
You as well!
I can add this one to your cart with the suggested items, a rug and a sofa.
I have located three modern, white coffee tables.
This stylish, modern coffee table has four angled legs made of metal and brushed with a nickel finish
This one is a traditional style but it does have an open lower shelf.
This is the table from the side.  It has smooth lines and an x-shaped middle-section.
It has dimensions of 35.5 inches in width, 35.5 inches in depth, and 18 inches in height.
It is 239.99.
You can see it now in your cart.
Where are you planning on placing your new ottoman?
Do we have a preferred decor style?
I have a couple of ottoman, that fits your preference
Do you preferred white or gray color?
How about this one. The Baffin Cube Ottoman. Its a combination of black and white stripes
Its dimension is has a width of 17.01 inches and a height of 16.81inches
How about this one. The Yara Storage Ottoman with a floral pattern
Certainly, This how it look like in side view
Yes the top has a hinged lid that you can store blankets, shoes or anything in between.
I am adding it to your cart now
You are welcome
I sure can, what color would you like your new sofa to be?
Unfortunately, we do not have any blue sofas at the moment, is there another color I can interest you in?
Here are a few brown ones I've found, I have a few others if you do not like any of these
Here it is from the side
This is the Jarrard sofa, it offers a simple chic design to accompany any living space. It has a button-tufted back with tapered wooden legs
It is a chic style, but it is also simple enough to go in any room
Here it is from the top
This sofa run $829
It has been successfully been added
Hello! What kind of decor style?
This is what I have as modern for living room
Here you go (Turns around). Price is $1049.
Yes sure, Christmas season sale 40% off before the end of the month!
Yes sure, plus free delivery anywhere in US. Anything else I can help you?
You are welcome!
Sure. What type of table are you looking for?
Do you have any preference for color and decor style?
Here are some black dining table for you.
It is priced at $1269.99.
Here's a back view of the dining table
Ok, it has been added to your shopping cart. Is there anything else you'll like me to help you with?
You're welcome
Sure. We only have one available. Do you like it?
Yes. This is our Lockwood Kitchen Island.
Yes I do believe they are included.
Here is a view from the side.
This one is made from solid oak wood and has a terracotta rose ceramic tile top.
It is $1339.99.
I sure will anything else I can do for you?
my pleasure.
I'd be happy to show you a few ottomans. Is there a particular color you are shopping for?
Do you like any of these?
The price of this one is 115.99.
I'm sorry but it does not give me that information about the material. Is there anything else you'd like to know about it?
COlor options of ottomans are black, white, gray, green, brown, yellow, blue, red, purple, and beige. Would you like to see a different color choices for ottomans?
I apologize but it's not showing me any purple ottomans.
Ok, I will remember that you liked the white one for next time then. Thank you and have a great night!
What room are you looking to put it in?
What kind of material are you wanting: leather, cloth or other?
What decor style are you wanting?
What is the minimum price and max price that you are wanting to stay in?
I believe this one will work for you. It is white, modern and has no arms.
Ok, I will add this to your shopping cart then.
Goodbye for now.
Hello! Sure, I'm happy to help
The Oridatown Standard Bookcase is 209.28
Sure, thing. Do you like any of these?
It is made from metal.
Great! It is 233.99. It is a nice choice
It is 72.03 inches tall
You're welcome! I'll add that to your cart!
Okay, do you have a color in mind?
I have these 2 in white.
Here it is.
Here is the left side.
Okay it is added to your cart.
You are welcome, enjoy your day.
Do you like any of these?
This Fitzhugh island is versatile with two shelves. It is 35.99x47.12in.
35.99!
This island is stainless steep material! There is a raised panel and four locking wheel feet. It is 449.99.
Hi, sure. For which room you are looking sofa?
We have variety of choices, which color you will like to see
and lastly, you would like something traditional or some modern one?
Here is one of the options. It is Easy-Going Stretch Loveseat Slipcover 1-Piece Couch Sofa Cover Furniture Protector Soft with Elastic Bottom for Kids.
Sure, is there something I can help with?
you are welcome
Yes. what color ottoman?
This one is purple, it's the Rummond Storage Ottoman
18" H x 17" W x 17" D
It's 86.99
Yes, I will add it to your cart!
Thank you! You too.
Waht type of furniture are you looking for?
What room is the table for?
I can assist you with this how many seats do you need at your table?
I can recommend a rectangle modern wood blend table that has a leaf insert.
I have shared the image of the table with you. as you can see it would fit three chairs on each side and one at each end,
Great is there anything else I can assist you wirh?
Absolutley this table retailes for 699.00
Yes I can this will be in your cart for when you are ready to purchase it.
Your welcome have a great evening.
Sure. What color and decor style do you prefer?
Is this an acceptable option for you?
Sure. Are one of these bookcases more suitable?
Sure. The bookcase is ideal for staging and storage space. This bookcase is a must have for your abode.
My apology. Is this the bookcase you were referring to?
The minimum price is $66.99. The maximum price is $233.99.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi there, do you have a style in mind?
How are these?
Do you like any of these?
Here are some more.
Is it a dark gray.
Of course, this is our Jarrard Sofa. Simply chic with tapered wood legs, and boister pillows.
86 in width, 37 in depth, and 32 in height.
829!
Of course, is there anything I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Here are a few
This is a nice one
Yes it does, which probably helps to explain the almost $1400 price!
It is solid oak with a terracotta rose ceramic top and brushed nickel hardwrae
Sure
You are most welcome. Have a good night
Would you like to browse a few, or were you looking for a specific style?
We have a nice selection.
Here are a few more for you.
We have this in dark brown.
This ottoman sale for $256.99
My pleasure. Will you be shopping for anything else this evening?
Sure. An end table or dining table?
Any color in mind?
Do you like any of these?
Sure.
Here is the top view.
Price is 239.99.
Item has been added to your cart. Would that be all for today?
Anytime.
Hi. What kind of islands are you looking for?
What colors are you interested to view?
Perfect! How about these island that display on the screen?
Sure! This item is a Lockwood Kitchen Island set with Ceramic Title top.
The Dimensions: width:60, Depth 44.92 and Height: 44.33
No problem! The item is added in your cart. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day!
Hello! I would love to help! Would you like a certain color
I have these three in stock. Do you like any of them?
How about these?
This is the closest charcoal I have, does this fit in your view?
Black, red, green, grey, brown, yellow
I have these in stock! Do you like any of them?.
That is all the grey I have in stock, did you want to see one in depth or another color?
I am sorry, I would love to help but that is all we have in stock. Could i help with anything else?
Your welcome have a great day!
Thank you!
Hello there, we have many options for chairs, what kind of chair did you need today?
Okay, to better serve you may I ask if you have a color preference?
Here are 3 of 4 Black colored accent chairs that we have in stock currently. Do you like any?
Yes, I have resent them again. Are you able to see them now?
Sure , I am able to help you with that. Here are some options
Sure, here you go
Which one are you referring to. The black one or the purple
Here a closer look, Randall Armchair  price 416.99, dimensions width 28.7, depth 32.98, height 31.42
You are very welcome, thank you for shopping with us
Yes. What color are you looking for?
Do you like this one? It is small and cream.
This is just 44.97.
No, it doesn't. Do you want it to have a cushion?
I have one that meets those qualities but is in a dark color.
The price is $319.99.
Sure. I just added it. Anything else?
You are more than welcome.
Let see what we have. Are you looking for an office chair or dining?
Here we have a nice selection for you:
Here are a few:
How about these:
How is this one?
Are these what you are looking for:
Is this more to your liking:
This chair is a nice wood, dark color:
It is priced at $177.99
i have added them to your cart. What else can i assist you with this evening?
My pleasure.
Sure what color your looking for.
here is a gray one  i have several
is a gray ottoman
The dimensions width 17.51 Depth 17.45, height 16.5
Aston Mid Storage Ottoman  price  81.99
The price 256.99
Fordbridge storage Ottoman
Great hope i was some assitance  to you.
I will be more than happy to help you. Is there a certain color you would like to see?
There are 3 sets for you to view.  This is the first set of options. Let me know what you think.
This is the second option. If you would like to see options up close, let me know.
This is the last set of kitchen islands that are available.
This is a Hedon Kitchen Island with Stainless Steel Top.
This is top view, as you requested.
Of course, the dimensions are width 52, depth 18 and the height is 36. What do you think?
The asking price for this kitchen island is $449.99.
I sure will. I have added it to your cart. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Have a good day
Sure what decor would you prefer?
I think we got a few. Would you wish it to have a specific color in mind?
I think there's a grey one. Let me look at it first.
It appears I'm having problems viewing it from my end too. I'm truly sorry.
No problem.
sure here are some of the ones we have to offer
What do you think of this one? This is our Maison End Table with storage
Heres this one...its our Darius End Table with storage
sure this is from the right
12x24x24.27
here you go
it is $87.81
certainly...it has been added to your cart. Can i help you with anything else?
I will be be happy to help. What kind of kitchen island are you looking for?
Here are the available two island in white, let me know if you find the one you like.
Sure, Here is the back of the Hedon Kitchen Island with stainless steel Top.
Here you go.
Here is a similar one in brown but not exactly the same.
The white one is consider to be Modern style with natural wood counter.
It has a built-in spice and tower rack.
The price is $449.99
Sure, I added it.Enjoy it
Hi! We have many gray sofas. Here are a few for your viewing. Please, let me know if you would like to view any more closely.
Yes, here are the remaining gray sofas from our collection.
Of coarse, this is the Rosina Convertible Sleeper Sofa.
Yes, here is the view form the side. The sofa is upholstered with solid-hued fabric.
The sofa has a wooden frame with foam and upholstered fabric.
This sofa is 86.77 inches wide,34.57 inches deep, and 32.14 inches tall.
The price is $379.99.
I have no say over the shipping. I will add it to your cart for checkout.
Merry Christmas to you as well! Thanks for shopping with us!
Of course!  I would love to help you.  We have many islands in stock. Can I narrow the results down by color or style type first?
We only have 1 island in solid black.  I have shown you the Lockwood Kitchen Island Set with Ceramic Tile Top.
Great!  Here is the view from the back side.  It does come with the 2 chairs shown in the picture as well.
It is our most expensive island. Priced at $1339.99
Unfortunately it only comes in this black color. I can show you some different styles if you would like.
This item has been added to your shopping cart and the subtotal is $1339.99.  Thank you for shopping with us today and Happy Holidays!
It was my pleasure to assist you.  Have a nice evening!
I can help with that. We have several styles and colors. Do you have any preferences?
Here are a few modern sofas. Would you like a closer look at any of them.
Sure that is are Rosina Convertible Sleeper Sofa.
It is $379.99.
It is 86.77" x 34.57" and 32.14" tall.
It is made of solid wood but upholstered with solid- hued fabric. Here is a look from the side.
Sure. There you go.
I sure can. Is there anything else I can do for you?
My pleasure.
Of coarse! Are you looking for any specific style?
I do not have any farmhouse style but I do have this rustic one.
Let me take a look..
what do you think of this one?
This is our Crisfield Kitchen Island. I think it may fit your needs.
Im sure you house is very nice! I have this one. It is out Lockwood Island set with a ceramic tile top.
Yes, I am sorry about that.
Yes. Of coarse. Here is the back view.
This one retails for $1339.99
This item  has been added to your cart!
Sure. What kind of chair are you looking for
Here you go. This might be something you're looking for.
Cost is $207
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Sure, do you like any of these?
Ok, how does that look?
Do you like this one?
This one is $148.99. Would you like me to add it to your cart?
No problem, have a great day!!!
Okay, what style and color are you looking for?
Don't you have an images to look at?
What do you think about this one Vertical Traditional bookcases can do anything. Seriously. Vertical bookshelves are a great way to really use that wall space
Yeah tool not fully functioning.
It's $159.99
Okay.
Ok, what kind of sofa are you looking for and what color?
Sure, here are a few!
Yes, here you go! This is a Avery Sofa Bed!
This is sofa has a wood frame, foam cushions, and a queen size pull out.
It is 85.91in wide, 38.77in for depth, and 34.84in for hight
The price is not that bad for a nice size sofa like this. The price is $1049.
Sure, the Avery sofa Bed has been added to your cart! Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome, same to you!
okay, what color are you thinking about?
okay, here are some different colors.
It is 24.99 dollars.
Here it is from the back.
The dimensions are 63 width, 91 depth, and 0.33 height.
I will add it to your cart.
no problem
you too
Are you looking for an accent chair or a dinning chair?
What kind of chair would you like?
Is there a certain color you prefer?
I only have one blue option. What do you think?
Here are some black chairs.
This is the Randall Armchair.
It's 28.7 by 32.98 by 31.42. Would you like to see it from another angle?
Here's the top view.
Sure. I've added it.
You are welcome!
Sure. Do you have a size in mind?
Ok. Here are 3 options. Does one of them interest you? If not I have more.
Sure. Would you like to see it from a different angle?
Here is a view from the side, you can really see the size from this angle.
Sure, here is another option in Snow White, very pretty.
Ok. Thank you.
Yes. I would love to help you. Do you have a color in mind?
Do you like any of these?
This is the only other black one I have.
Yes. Here is a closer look at the the Marshallville Side Chair.
This chair is $59.99!
This is a molded plastic seat. Wooden arms and metal cross braces.
Yes. I will be happy too! You are welcome. Thank you for shopping with us tonight.
Here are some our available options. I'd be glad to show you a closer look if you like any of these if not we can proceed to next step.
No problem, here are the first set of options in grey.
Can you tell me which option you would like to know the size for?
C
Here is a closer look at our Clair Area Rug. It is 60"W X 89"D X 0.25" H
This rug is priced at $36.99
Great, I've added this item to your cart. Is there anything else I may help you with?
You're very welcome!
Hello, here are some bookcases.
Of course, here are some more bookcases.
Sure, this is our Kit Bookcase.
It doesn't appear to have wheels, do you need one with wheels?
Sure, it's our of metal and features a clean-;lined frame awash in a warm brass finish.
Yes, it is 40.04 wide, 13.01 deep and 72.03 high.
I've added it to your cart, is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
Are you looking for a particular style?
I have shared 3 different islands. Do you like any of these?
This is our Lockwood Kitchen Island Set with Ceramic Tile Top and it is 1339.99.
I have shared an image of the Hedon Kitchen Island with Stainless Steep Top for less than half the price. Coming in at $449.99
I have added it to your cart.
Thank you! You do the same!
I would be happy to assist you! What style are you shopping for?
How about these?
Here is a closer view
We apologize for the inconvenience.  Is there any other information that I can provide?
Thank you for visiting.
I am sorry we do not have futon's would you like to see a sleeper sofa?
Here is a sleeper sofa that can convert into a bed like a futon.
This is a Gray Convertible Sleeper Sofa featuring a fold-out design making it easy to convert into a bed when hosting guests.
The Price is $379.99
Okay, I have added this sleeper sofa to your cart
It was my pleasure, enjoy your sleeper sofa.
What color are you thinking?
This is the only black island we have available at the moment
60 inches wide, 45 tall, and 45 deep
It is currently listed at $1339.99
The two chairs it is pictured with come with it
Here it is from the side
It has successfully been added
Sure, do you have any specific color or style?
Here are few white, let me know if you find anyone you like.
Here are the only available modern table.
Sure, here's  a closer look.
Sorry I can't show a side view, all side are the same.But here is the view of the table
The price is $158.99.
Sure, enjoy it.
Okay, can you please let me know what color you are looking for?
How do you like this one?
Here is a side view.
Sure, here is the back of the chair.
Sorry, it doesn't specify, but I can tell you that has a lux softness and it's upholstered in a patterned fabric.
This chair is $1299.99.
Sure, I've added it to your cart, is there anything else?
Sure thing here are some of the ones we have in stock
do you see that?
This is our Creekville End Table. Made of manufactured wood, this pieces three tiers of shelving provide room for everyday essentials objects d
15.75
it sells for $93.99
The Ordaz End Table is a stylish piece that is a panel-down pedestal design
this one measures 15'11'24
14.85
of course they have been added. Can i get you anything else today?
enjoy the rest of your day
OK. Do you have a particular style or color?
Here are some popular styles.
This is the Hedon island made with solid and manufactured wood, but it does have a stainless steel top.
This is a view of the top.
This sells for $449.99.
This island is solid wood and comes with two stools. It sells for $1339.99.
Here is the view from the side.
I have saved this for you and you are welcome.
What color chair can I help you find?
Here are some nice white chairs I found.
I do have this Krol Side Dining Chair.
This chair is available for $209.99.
It is a four piece side chair set, the base is metal and the carved seat and backrest are crafted from MDF.
Yes, This is a stackable set of four chairs, it has a armless design, so you can easily set them around your nook or dining room table.
I can sure help you with this. Did you have a color preference in mind?
Here are our white options. I can show you our gray options as well if you would like.
Here are some gray options. We also have more.
Here are the other options we have available.
This is our Alfredo Swivel Lounge Chair.
Here is the back view.
Sure. This item has a width of 28.7 inches, a depth of 24.8 inches, and a height of 35 inches.
$319.99.
Sure! I have added it to your cart. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you and have a great day!
Sure is there a particular color you would like?
What about these?
Sure. How about this?
Sure! This one has a metal base with a solid and manufactured wood counter top and shelves.
This one is called Shounak Kitchen Cart Solid + Manufactured Wood
This one is $329.99
I surely can! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. You too!
Hi, glad to help! Do you have a decor style in mind?
Sure! Here's a few that we have in stock.
Certainly! It is called the Oridatown Standard Bookcase.
65.98 inches
$209.28
Will do! Bye for now.
You are welcome
I'd be happy to help.  What did you have in mind?
Ok.  Here are two we have in stock
Of course. Here is one we have in stock
This one is 40 inches wide 13 inches deep and 72 inches high
It is 233.99
Here you go
Ok I have added it to your cart.  Have a nice day!
What color and decor style are you looking for?
Is this chair suitable for you?
Sure. Width: 22; Depth: 29.74; and Height: 33.
This Crescentia Slipper Chair is crafted from solid wood and wrapped in floral printed cotton upholstery. The tapered legs have a clean neutral espresso finish.
The price of this elegant chair is $135.99 respectively.
Absolutely, would you like to have this order expedited?
Excellent. You should receive your order in 2 business days. Thank you for your purchase.
Here are a few white accent chairs.
that is all of the white we have. Here are some gray chairs.
Is this what you are looking for?
How about this one?
What color are you looking for?
You're welcome.
Here are some ottomans in white.
Here you go
I can't answer that as I have no information on the material.
It is priced at $115.99.
Here is a view of the top.
You're welcome. It has been added to your favorites. Is there anything else you need help with?
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hello! I can help you with it. Do you have any style or color in mind?
Unfortunately, we don't have modern ones in black, but have these one. Let me know if you have found anything interesting for you.
Here you go
This one is called Merrick Sofa. It's made of solid poplar wood, with a 100% polyester upholstery - filled with foam.
Sure, here you go. Let me know if you need anything else.
This one comes in 699.99. That's a special price for this sofa today.
Yes, sure. Would you like to have anything else?
I can help you, Are you interested in dining or accent chairs?
I have an extensive selection here, would you like to browse and let me know if anything catches your interest?
This is a modern, yet traditional chair, is this of interest to you?
Is this style closer to what you are looking for ?
It is called a Sirine Ottoman, the price is $162.99
Here it is from the top.
Would you like the dimensions or fabric details?
The ottoman is crafted from solid and manufactured wood.  Its frame features cabriole legs and a curved apron all finished in natural brown.  The dimensions: W: 24, D: 23.99, H: 16.5.
Do you have any questions I can answer today?
This ottoman is featured as an addition to your living room, master suite or seats at the dining room table, it is extremely durable and versatile.
Thank you, I will add two ottomans to your cart.
You will receive shipping information within 48 hours.
Ok!  Are you looking for a certain style?
Great!  Here are a few traditional options. Any particular color?
Ok. What about this Hedon Kitchen Island.  The top is stainless steel.
This island is currently priced at $449.99.
of course!
The dimensions are 52"wx18"dx36"h
Certainly! The vanity based is crafted of wood, with drawers that run on metal glides.  It has a stainless steel top, and even rolls!
Certainly! And is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great! the island has been added to your cart.  Have a great day!
What kind of chairs can I help you find?
OK! Here a re a few of our popular accent chairs that are available in black.
It is $359.99.
This is our Ares Armchair. I have attached a closer view.
It is a textured foam leather.
OK, I added it to your cart. Thank you!
Good Morning! Do you have a color in mind?
Sure, Our Sunon Collection 4- shelf is in white. It has a multi-media storage tower. What do you think?
Sorry, my pictures are not loading. Would you like to know the dimensions of this bookcase?
The dimensions are 49.5 x 26.5 x 5.2 inches. There are 4 shelves.
Yes, We have a Bush Furniture Universal 5 shelf bookcase in pure white.
The dimensions on that one is 36.9 x 11.7 x 71.7 inches.
It costs $173.99.
The price of the first is $139.99.
Sure! I have added them to your shopping cart.Anything you need me to assist you with today?
Sorry, no problem. I have saved the items for you. Have a great day!
Sure! How are these?
Sure! Here you go!
How about these?
Sure!
This is the Lansing End Table.
The table is priced at 54.99.
Here you go!
Okay!
Here you go!
Okay! You're welcome!
Absolutely, I will do my best to assist you.  Do you have a color in mind?
Absolutely, brown it is. Here is a selection of three, do you see any that are to your liking?
Oh, very good.  Would you like to know its height?
Well this first one is eight feet long and four feet tall.
This would be $379.99
Okay, the one in the center is $199.99, is that better?
That one is three feet tall and eight feet wide.
You are very welcome and I hope you enjoy it!
I can help you with that, do you have a certain color or style in mind?
We have a black table lamp and set of white lamps in the style that you requested, do either of these fit for what you are looking for?
This traditional style lamp is from our Ginevra 59 collection, would you like to see these from another angle?
Here is a side view.
I only have access to one set of dimensions as follows width 40.79", depth 21.39", and height 59"
$229.99 today.
I sure can I will add it t your cart. Anything else I can help with today?
My please to have been able to assist you today, enjoy the rest of your day!
Absolutely! What kind of table are you looking for? We have dining tables, end tables, and coffee & cocktail tables.
What color is the table you're looking for?
Here are some brown dining tables. Are any of these the table you are looking for?
Absolutely. Are you able to see them now?
This is the Paterson Dining Table. It is perfect for sitting down to eat in modern style!
It is 59? wide, 35.5? deep, and 29.69? high.
Here it is from the left side.
It is $280.99
Yes, I have placed one in your cart for you.
Any time. You too.
I'd be glad to help. Here are a few options to start with, but do you have a particular color or style in mind?
Okay, then you might like the Lockwood Kitchen Island Set with a ceramic tile top. What do you think of this design?
Glad you like it. This design adds a touch of traditional inspiration to your kitchen. It's made from solid oak wood, with a terracotta rose ceramic tile countertop.
It's 60" W x 44.92" D x 44.33" H.
It's priced at 1339.99.
I don't see another black one available, but I did find this dark gray island. Do you like this design?
This is the Benedetto Kitchen Island. It's made from solid and manufactured wood, with dark antique brass hardware. It has 6 shelves and a cabinet, and 2 drawers.
It measures 48" W x 24
It costs $579.99 which is a very competitive price.
Absolutely. I've added it to your cart.
It's been my pleasure!
hello!What kind of tables do you like
Sure! What material and color do you prefer
Sure! Do you like this one?
It is a brown table with a great material and a reasonable price
About 36" and 40" wide
Sure! You are very welcome
Certainly, I have accent table, coffee tables, end tables and dining table. Which one would you like to see?
These are some of the dining tables available.
How about this two dining tables? Anything you find interesting?
How about this Kling Dining Table? Its made from manufactured wood with a lacquered white finish
How about these round dining tables?
Of course. This is the Boothby Drop Leaf Dining Table
The table is 33" width x 42" depth x 29.5" height
The cost is 194.99
The dining table is now in your shopping cart.
You are welcome. Enjoy your day
I hope so. Do you have a color or style in mind?
Here are two similar styles in white.
This is the Avery sofa bed.
This sells for $1049.00.
The frame is crafted from manufactured wood, but I do not know the fabric material. The cushion covers are machine washable though.
This view from the left shows the fabric-covered squared arms.
It is 86 inches long, 39 inches deep, and 35 inches tall.
I have added this to your cart. May I help with anything else?
You are welcome.
Sure I can help with that. Do any of those interest you?
Here is a white one. How do you feel about it?
It is 52 inches wide, 18 inches deep and 36 inches in height. Do you prefer something smaller?
This is our other option in white and is smaller.
Ofcourse, there is a side view.
It looks as though it contains 3 wire baskets. Is that good for you?
I can sure do that for you. The price is 206.99. Hope you love it.
You're welcome.
certainly. here are some of the ones we have in stock. Do you have a certain color you prefer?
sure this is the Benedetto Kitchen island with door. This one for example adds a touch of traditional flair to your kitchen.  it is constructed from solid and manufactured wood, with dark antique brass hardware and offers six shelves, a cabinet, and two drawers for extra storage space of kitchen tools, dinnerware, and more.
48x24x34.78
this one is selling for $579.99
certainly it has been added to your cart. Can i help you with anything else today?
You are very welcome enjoy the rest of your evening
Hello! Any color preferences?
Please look at the shared pic and let me know which one do you like.
This one?
Sabine sleeper loveseat, side view
Sure, top view!
Bottom view!
Right view
Today price is $285.99 for one day only Christmas sale!
Sure, it's in your cart! can I help you with something else?
OK. Do you have a color or style in mind?
This is the Lockwood island set. It has a terracotta ceramic rose tile counter top and matching stools.
This island has two cabinets, one large drawer, and three shelves. Here is a look at the stools.
This is the top view; although, I need a new photographer.
It is described as traditional, but would fit many decors. It is crafted from solid oak wood.
This islands sells for $1339.99.
I have saved this for you. Would you like to see anything else?
This is the Auden cart with a faux marble top. It sells for $189.99.
I do not have that information, but there is ample storage with a cabinet,a drawer, and three shelves.
It is listed as a wood frame.
You are welcome and good luck.
Sure. Please may I know the intended room?
Okay. I found this.
Yes sure.
Yes. This is a Yellowstone Valley Contemporary Armchair that measures 36.58 in width and 37.01 in depth and 45.29 in height.
The price is $1299.99
Yes absolutely. Can I help you find something else?
Okay. Thank you and have a nice day.
Id be happy to, to narrow down your choices what is the decor of the space its going
We have the Jalissa Chesterfield Settee.will bring a touch of sophistication and glamour to any space.
This is a definitely an iconic piece. It is priced at 349.99
This button tuft beauty is 57" wide 30" deep and 31.89 high.
Im sorry that information is not given to me at this time.
Sure the price is $349.99. We do have another similar to this but in Black if you would like to see that one.
OK, I have started a cart for you. Can I show you anything else today?
My pleasure have a great day
Sure! What color sofa?
Ok , what style would you prefer ? Modern , sophisticated or traditional?
How do you like this one?
I'm sorry but  do not have that information
Absolutely ! It is 519.99
Yes i'll do that for you
I will be happy to help. what style of ottoman are you interested in?
Here are some traditional ottoman.
I shared one in round. Let know if it's of any good
Those this one look similar?
Here, I sent you one that fit your description.
Sure, it in your cart, enjoy it.
The Albion Beige/Brown Leaves Hand-Carved Area Rugs sounds exactly what you are looking for.
It is 108" x 79" x 0.5".
$23.99.
I have added that to your cart. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.  Have a wonderful day.
Is there a specific color?
What decor style are you looking for?
How is this one?
Min. $66.99 to Max Price $233.99
I apologize.  I do not have that information at this time.
Here you are.
I apologize, the system is no showing the picture at this time.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Is there anything else for today?
Have a nice day.  Thank you for shopping with us.
Yes, what color sofa do you prefer?
Here are three for your consideration.
This is the Granville Sofa.
It costs $759.99
36 inches
Yes, I have added it to your cart. Would you like anything else?
You too. Goodbye.
Hi, here are a few that we have available.
Sure, The name of the middle on is Benedetto Kitchen Island with Door. Here are the next three choices.
Here are a few more for your consideration.
Absolutely! this Kitchen Island is perfect for adding extra storage space. It showcases a traditional flare and is constructed from solid wood, with dark antique brass hardware and offers six shelves, a cabinet and two drawers.
Sure, here is the side view. The dimensions are Width 48" Depth 24" Height 34.78"
This Kitchen Island is priced at $579.99
Sounds good, I will add this Kitchen Island to your favorites list. Thank you for your consideration.
I can help you with that. What are you looking for?
Here are two kitchen islands that come in white.
This is the Hedon Kitchen Island with Stainless Steel Top. Timeless and traditional, this kitchen island has a stainless steel top and is made of solid and manufactured wood.
Here is a top view of this item.
This item is 52 inches wide, 18 inches deep and 36 inches high.
This is made of solid and manufactured wood and has four locking wheel feed.
Here is a view from the back. It does not accommodate seating.
Would you like me to save this option?
Okay. Have a nice evening!
I would love to help.  What color are you looking for?
How about any of these?
Here are a few more options.  Do you like any of these?
Yes of course.  Here is a closer view of our laury navy indoor/outdoor area rug
This one is just under $50 priced at $48.99
Yes I have added two of them to your cart. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you for shopping with us.  Have a great day.
Hello, I will be happy to help you with that, did you have a particular style in mind?
Ok, here are only two white kitchen islands, I have gray as well if you would like to see it.
Here our darkest but I can show you brown if this is not to your liking?
Here are our brown products, if you like anything just let me know and I can give you a closer look.
This item is $329.99
Yes, I can do that for you, is there anything else that you need?
You are very welcome, have a great day
Dining table or end table?
Sure thing what color are you looking for?
do any of these catch your eye or would you like to see more?
This is a beautiful piece it is priced at $379.99 this is the Luther coffee table. Would you like to see it from a different angle.
Here is the right side, would you like to see another angle?
Here is a bottom view for you.
Awesome I can do that for you. What color rug would you like to view?
Here is our Virginia Beige/Red Area Rug this is the lightest rug I could find in stock with a design on it. It is priced for $35.99
It is priced for $35.99
Sure thing I will add that for you. Anything else I can help you with today?
No problem anything else I can help with?
You as well!
Is there a particular decor style you'd like it to be?
What kind of price range and color would you like?
Ok let me see what I can find for you.
How do you like this set I've found?
This particular one is $279 plus tax
Yes, so glad you like it! Can I help you find anything else today or are you ready to checkout now?
You're so very welcome! Glad I could help you find what you were looking for today! Happy Holidays!
I can help with that! Were you looking for a certain color?
Sure! I have these here. Do either of these interest you?
This is the Hedon Kitchen Island with stainless steel top. The base is crafted from solid and manufactured wood with a variety of finishes available.
This one is $449.99. If you'd like I can show you some different angles?
No problem. It's 52"wide, 36" tall and 18" in depth.
This is the left side and it features a paper towel holder.
I'd be happy to! Can I help you find anything else today?
You're most welcome and you too!
I would love to. What kind are you searching for today?
Here are three office chairs that I think you may like.
Yes please.
The chair is 32x 18 x 42
It is priced at $89.99
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Sure. We have these in gray. Any of them suit your needs?
Any of these interesting to you?
Crafted from pinewood, this clean lined end table features a neutral finish.
It's price is 129.00. Manufacturer backs this product with a one year warranty.
This end table, with storage, is 19.41 High.
Of course. I'm glad we could accommodate your wishes
I would love to help, is there a color you have in mind?
I have a few different browns, do you like any of these?
I also have these 2 in brown
here is a closer look, this is our jalissa chesterfield
Sure are you looking for a specific color?
You might be interested in these ottomans
I have this baffin cube ottoman that you may like
Sure thing, the cost is $66.99
Ok Ill add this to your shopping cart.
You are welcome, have a great day
Hi! I am more than happy to help you. We have a great selection of kitchen islands. Here are just a few that we have, do you like any of these or do you want something else?
Most definitely! This is our Fitzhugh Kitchen Island. It showcases a stainless steel surface and 2 slatted shelves. This is a rolling island that will make a versatile addition to your kitchen ensemble.
Sure thing! This kitchen island includes wheels that allow you to pull it up to the counter for extra food prep space and it also include ingredient storage. You can also use this as a convenient buffet when guests arrive.
Sure thing! The price tag for this island is showing $409.99.
I do apologize, I do not have that information available. I can add this to your cart and when you check out you should be able to have this information.
Again, I am so sorry, but I do not have any of that information available.
Oh sure! I will add this to your favorites and when you return it will be available for you to review again.
You are more than welcome! I enjoyed assisting you!
Hello, I would be happy to help you find a round rug. This is the Cangelosi Acrylic Gray Area Rug. It is the only round rug that we currently have available. What do you think?
I can tell you that this rug is machine woven from a stain and fade resistant polyester and acrylic blend in a high-low 0.5" pile
The dimensions for this rug are 91.77 inches wide by 91.63 inches deep by 0.5 inches high. Will this size fit your needs?
It is $40.41.
Here are a few I found in stock for you.
This is a Yerres Wingback Chair.
It has button tufting and a hand finished frame.
W 29.31 D 29.96 and H 39.33.
This is a view from the back.
It costs $429.99
It has been added to your cart.
Hello, What room are you getting the rug for?
Ok,that's fine. Do you know what colors you want the rug to be?
I found one that you may be interested in. How do you like this one?
These are the only other traditional selections that I have. Would you like to see any of these?
I think this one would be perfect for you.  It has neutral colors, decorative and its traditional.
I'm sorry. Yes, I will show you a different view of the first one.
This is the left view.  You can really see the design and colors well.
Is this the one that you were referring to?
I sure will.  I'm happy that I could assist you and enjoy your rug!
Is there a color you prefer?
I am not finding a blue one is there another color?
Is there a style that you would like?
This is the option that I found.
Here you go
width 89.9 depth 39 height 40.08
The price is $729.99
I have added it for you
Your welcome
Sure! I have a few examples here. Do you like either of these?
Sure! This is the Brandt dark grey area rug.
48"x72" with a .5" plush height.
$23.99! It's one of our more affordable ones considering the size.
I'd be happy to! Can I help you find anything else tonight?
It was my pleasure!
Is there a certain style white kitchen island you are looking for?
Here are the white kitchen islands we have
sure, how's this
Sure, this island  has a stainless steel to
This one is 449.99
Yes, it has four locking wheel feet
The Hedon Kitchen Island is 52wx18Dx36h
I will add it to your favorites right now
Do you have a style in mind for it already?
Take a look at these dining room tables with a brown finish.
Sure, there's the Peterson Dining Table for you to look at more closely.
This one is 59 inches wide, 35 1/2 inches deep, and 29.69 inches high.
Sure thing. This option is the Santa Maria Dining Table, and it gives you an extra 11 inches of length to seat more people comfortably.
You'll get a better sense for its medium yellow walnut tone from that angle.
It's made of solid walnut and manufactured wood.
Its price is $383.99.
Sure thing
Hi, glad to help! Here's a few that we have available.
Certainly! Here's some more for you.
Yes, this is the Sowerby Solid Wood Dining Chair.
It has a tradtional style with angled legs and rounded spindle back made of solid rubberwood.
You're welcome. Its 17.88'' W x 20.72'' D x 35.44'' H.
It is 159.99
Sounds good! Thanks for your time today. Take care.
Are you looking for an end table?
Here is a round end table. What do you think about this one?
I believe we have more tables under coffee tables now. How about this one?
This one has a shelf but more square shaped
How about color?
This one is black I do believe and round.
This table is 161.99
Awesome i will add this table to your cart for purchasing
No problem Glad to help you find your table.
I'm happy to help. Would you like me to show a selection?
I have these for you, and can search for more if you are not satisfied with these.
I see, well here are a few more and we can also go back to look at the first one.
Absolutely:
This island is called Benedetto. Constructed of manufactured wood, it has a traditional style with dark antique brass hardware, and offers six shelves, a cabinet, and two draws.
The height of the Benedetto is 34.78 inches, depth of 24 inches, and a width of 48 inches.
The price is $579.99.
I have added the island to your shopping cart. What else can I help you find this evening?
Have a good evening.
HI, I can help  you with that. what color would you like to see first
ok
Yes, that is the Auden kitchen cart with faux marble Top island.
Yes, of course, her is the back view for you to see.
Certainly, here is the front view for your pleasure.
This items dimensions are width 32.13 , depth 16.29, height 33.9
The price of the Auden kitchen cart with faux marble top is $189.99
The Auden kitchen cart with faux marble top island is made up of wood. I t features a cabinet , drawere and three shelves to keep everything yo need a=on hand. Plus a marble top great for chopping. The marble top measures at 34H x 32W x 16D
Yes I can do that for you, Let me know if there is anything else that you need.
I will be glad to show you Them, Do you have a decor style in mind?
Them,I just shared with you some of the varieties we have in store
What color Would you like Them?
Okay! These are the ones we have for now in our store
Alright which among the options will you like to add to your cart and guess they are really yrending on sale
Alright Them, Can I know the specification of the intended room?
We have some modern ones for you Them and I just shared them
Would you like different views of this Them?
It pairs a stainless steel base with a hardwood butcher block top
Alright Them, I will be expecting you.Is there any other thing I can do for you?
I'd be happy to assist you with that. any particular material you are looking for?
i'd be happy to.(Shows a few options)
Sure! (Shows option)
Of Course ( Shows Right Side)
It Is priced at 206.99.
Yes They are
Sure, I'll add this to your cart, Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Thank you and have a wonderful day!
Id be happy to help. Are you interested in a particular color of end table?
I have found 3 that are brown in color. How about these? Do any of them look good to you?
Sure! This is a Colleen End Table with storage. It costs $41.99.
Sure! Here you go.
Absolutely! The width is 13.4 inches, the depth 13.4 inches and the height is 20 inches.
This end table is crafted of manufactured wood with laminate veneers in a dark cherry finish, and strikes a square silhouette on four black PVC post legs.
Ok Ill add two to your shopping cart. Is there anything else I can assist with?
You're very welcome.
I'm happy to assist you today. This is our black cubicle bookcase
This cubicle bookcase measure 36.07" wide , 11.61" depth and 47.64" tall
This is 68.92
The bookcase has been added to your shopping cart
Thank you for shopping with us. Have a great day
Hi! What kind of table are you looking for today?
Take a look at these options! Let me know if any of these interest you.
This is the Valerie Solid wood table. Rustic modern farmhouse style, thi neutral design goes well with several chair types and features robust sturdy wood, made of 100% pine!
The Valerie Dining table is $412.99
This is the Townsel Dining table, which is a traditional style. This table has a pedestal base and made from manufactured wood. The price is $320.99
Awesome choice, I've added it to your cart.
No problem! Have a good one!
Here are some black dining chairs.
This is a closer view of the Blake Side Chair.
This chair is made of a leather upholstery that showcases a full back and a gently contoured seat.
Here is a view from the top.
Width: 17.51, Depth: 20.71, Height: 33.17.
$144.99 is the price.
I'm sorry but we currently don't have any promotions or discounts at this time.
Sure. I added 1 chair to your cart.
You're welcome!
Sure, what are you looking for today?
Okay, do you have a particular color in mind?
Then you might like this one.
It is crafted of Kubu gray rattan which is coveted for its natural soft gray color.
It is listed at $279.99.
If I search for purple it's the only chair that comes up.
The width is 25.64, the depth is 25.31 and the height is 35.35
You're welcome, will there be anything else?
Have a great night.
are you intrested in a specific color?
indeed is there a style that youre looking for ?
based on you request here are some options ive found
are you able to view them now ?
this is a brownwood armchair the price of this chair is 289.99
brown
apologies we do not
widht 28.25 height 32.75
this is the largest view the material of this chair is polyester the arm are covered in wood
no problem how is that
are u able to see
I can help with that. Do you have a preference in office chairs or dinning chairs?
Here are some black dinning chairs. Do you see anything you like?
Here is a better look. This chair is inspired by mi-century modern design.
The price for this one is $60
It is 24"W x 22"D x 31"H.
No problem. Is there anything else I can help with?
Enjoy your day as well.
Sure I can gladly help you with one and here are some from our store collection.
How about these in brown and tan color. Do you like any?
Here are some accent chairs.
We do not have many accent chairs without arms. But here are some.
I am sorry we have dining and accent chairs but you could probably use it anyway you like.
Anything else I can help with?
Thank you and you have a great day and happy holidays as well!
Hello! Any color preferences?
Please look at the shared pics and let me know which one do you like.
Another 3 white table lamps
Side view of this white table lamp
Sure, front view
Today price is $101.99 for one day only Christmas sale!
Sure, it's in your cart! can I help you with something else?
you are welcome and Merry Christmas to you!
Hello, I am glad to help. Ane color preferences?
Would you have a specific style?
Would any of this be appealing for you?
Do you like this traditional one?
This is a Brandt Dark Grey Area Rug
The dimensions are: Width 48 - Depth 72 and Height 0.3
How about this Marcelo Hand- Tufted Wool?Cotton Ivory Area Rug?
I have only 3 option in grey, is there any other color you like?
Sorry for the few option at the moment. Anything else I can assist you with?
Appreciate your time. Have a great rest of your day
sure what color would you like
Would you like sophisticated or traditional style or ...?
have a look at some of these
how about this one
no there isn't sorry
sure
sure no problem have a great night
Sure. Are you looking for something like an island?
We have a variety of kitchen islands. Here are just a few. Do you like any of these?
Yes. Here's a couple more.
I'm sorry, what?
Of course! This is the Crisfield kitchen island.
The dimensions are 45.03(W) x 15.48(D) x 35.31(H)
This is $122.99.
Will do. Thank you. Have a good day.
I would be glad to help. Did you have a color in mind?
Good choice. Did you have a decor style in mind?
Did you have a certain room you intend to put it in?
Great idea. Did you have a budget in mind?
Here is one. What do you think?
This rug is only $23.99
108 x 79 x .5
Added to cart. Anything else I can do for you?
You are very welcome. Have a great day.
Welcome to our store!  We have many styles and decor to suit your needs.  We are happy to assist you with your dining chairs selection.  What style are you shopping for today?
What is your color preference?
How about these?
The measurements are 16 1/2 x 15 x 35".
The dining chairs are currently on sale for $79.99.
I have added the item to your cart. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
Thank you for shopping with us, and have a nice evening!
Ok, are you looking for a particular color or size?
Ok, here are a few in brown.
I have one more in brown and then I can what we have in white. How about this one?
Ok, this is the Albion Beige/Brown Leaves Hand-Carved Area Rug.
Sad to report, we have none in white.
Will do! Will there be anything else?
You too!
No problem. Do you want a certain style?
Here is an option I think would work for you. What do you think?
Ok.  Here is another option for you
What do you think about this one?
This is the Hedon Kitchen Island.  It has a natural wood counter, built in spice and towel rack and it sits on 4 wheels
in inches 52 wide 18 deep and 36 high
It is 449.99
No problem. I have added it to your cart.  Thank you for shopping with us today.  Have a great day
Hi. I can help you with that. What kind of furniture are you looking for today?
I have a great selection of chairs to choose from.  Lets start with what room the chair will be in?
Great. Is there a style or color that you were interested in for the chair you're looking for?
Im sorry, I dont have a living room chair in a dull green color, but i do have one i have one in purple that I think you might like. Its definitely easy for use all year round
Sure, I have this Sidibe Swivel Barrel Chair. It has a nailhead trim to it that adds a timeless factor to it. What do you think
Here is the Yerres Wingback Chair, very sophisticated. How do you like this one?
Here we have a swivel chair that sits on 4 legs. Birch frame, supported by web suspension. Youre sure to love it
My pleasure. See you later!!
Yes, what kind of tables are you looking for in particular?
How about these?
Yes, they all are.
Sure! Here it is
ok! I will add this to your shopping cart!
Hi! Sure. Which color?
What other preferences you have?
The Brushed Steel Lamp with Charging Outlet and Fabric Shade in Black color is for you
This fun and fashionable lamp features a brushed steel base and a fabric shade. And it costs only $18
It has been added. Something else I can help with
My pleasure
Okay, i am happy to help. Do you have a style preference?
Are you interested in a dining chair or accent chair?
Great, here are a few black dining chairs that i found. Do you like any of these?
Sorry, we have been having tech issues. Can you see them now?
Hello, I would love to help you. What color would you like?
Would this be an ottoman you are interested in?
How about this one?
This is the top view.
The dimensions are width 49.03, depth 32, and height 16.5.
It is made of solid wood with a leather upholstery.
Yup, is there anything you would like help with?
You're welcome. Happy Holidays to you as well.
Hello! What type of rug are you looking for
No problem! This are the rug we currently have in stock. What do you think?
Sure! It is a Brandt Dark Gray Area rug.
Sure! The dimension width is 48, depth 72 and height is 0.52
Of course, this is the view from the top.
The Brandt rug cost 23.99
Perfect! This item is added to your cart.
You are very welcome!
Do you like any of these?
I do. If you are looking for extra storage space this is the Shounak.
I do. If you are looking for extra storage space this is the Shounak.
329.99
46x20x36
Has a metal base and constructed of manufactured wood.
Iwill
You as well.
Any particular color or style?
Ok, this is what we have in black.
This is the Bowerbank Standard Bookcase.
It is $185.32
Ok, here it is from the left.
In inches: width - 52.78, depth 13.02 and height 47.12
You're welcome!
yes, what color are you looking for?
Here are the black bookcases we have, do you see any that you like?
We have the Ricardo ladder bookcase, the Bowerbank Standard bookcase, and the Cubicals cube bookcase.
I don't know that, but I can tell you the dimensions of a bookcase if you let me know which one your interested in.
Hi Them, What color specification do you have in mind?
We have black ottoman, Do you have any decor style in mind?
I just sent you your request, Did you find it?
Width:35.5, Depth 35.5 , Height:17.5
Them,I just shared the back with you
You are welcome, Is there any other thing i can do for you?
Yes, we have a good amount of ottomans.
What colors are you looking for?
What room would you like the ottoman for?
What price range are you trying to stay within.
I have three in that price range. Do you like any of fhese?
Yes, and here is the switch around.
Sure, how do you like these?
$999.99
Wonderful, would you like to see a side view of it?
There you go. Would you like me to go ahead and add this to your cart?
Great, is there anything else you would like me to help you with?
Okay. have a wonderful evening.
Okay, did you have a specific style you were looking for today?
Do you like any of these?
This is the Haleakai Kitchen island Prep Table Hardwood.
The Dimensions are: Width:52 Depth:25 Height:35.99
Here is the top view
This Island features a hardwood butcher block top with a stainless steel base.
This island costs $469.99
Great!, I have added this item to your cart.
Hi! Sure, Do you have a specific color in mind?
I'm not able to share pictures, but here we have rolling light gray kitchen island.It's a hand rubbed multi- step finish.
Yes it has 4 cabinets and two drawers.
The of that one is $236.88.
Yes, we have a white kitchen island for $169. with two doors and one drawer.
Sure, its made of solid wood top is all I'm seeing on label.
The dimensions are 19 x 32 x 35.5 inches
Sure. I have saved this item for you. Anything else I do for you?
You're welcome. Have a great rest of your day!
Hi! Do you have a particular color in mind?
We have two black chairs with a high back for support. Do you like these?
Sure. I have rotated it in order for you to see the back. Can you see it well?
Yes, the chair can definitely around. Would you like to know about the dimensions?
Great! The dimensions is 23 in back height and 20.25 in bottom width.
The price of the first office chair is $125.00.
Yes that is a great price!. I have added it to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Why certainly. What color would you like your kitchen island to be?
Okay, and what decor style do you have in mind for this island?
Okay, and you wish to place this island in the kitchen, am I right?
Alright I have a few that meet such requirement. But what shape would you wish it to be? Rectangular? Or Oval shaped?
Got, it. So I'll send two images, and you'll confirm whether they're up to your taste. Are you ready?
I've sent them now. If you've made up your mind, give me feedback.
Okay, would you want me to tell you the price?
The price for this kitchen island is about $145 approximately, excluding taxes.
No problem. Will that be all for today?
You too. Bye.
Hi.  Sure. What kind of table are you looking for?
Here is one unique dark coffee table. How do you like it. If this is not the shape or style you had in mind.  Let me know.
The price is only $168.00.
It is made of manufactured wood that has classic wood grain details. It also a wide drawer with a metal bar pull.
It is 47.1 inches wide.
The height is 16 inches and the depth is 24.46 inches.
No problem.  Seems as if you like it; or would you like to see more?
Yes I do! Do you have any color preference or a style preference/
I have 3 available in the green color. I am showing them to you.
Good choice! It does look super comfy.  It is called the Torin Sofa. I have enlarged the picture for you.
There is the view from the bottom.
Certainly! Here is the view from the back.
Yes. The width is 89", depth is 39.08", and height is 40.1"
I have added this sofa in your cart - Your subtotal is $519.99
I appreciate that! It was my pleasure to assist you today. Happy Holidays!!
Yes, we have a wide variety of chairs to choose from. What style are you shopping for today?
Based on your request, I can recommend these.
We apologize for the inconvenience.  Here is a closer view.
It comes in five different colors, and is made of solid pine wood.
It is on sale for $49.99.
Would you like to see some others?
Thank you for shopping with us.  Have a great day!
Hi there!  I will certainly be able to help you with.  There are sets and the first three are there for you to view.
How about this? This is a Shounak Kitchen Cart Solid and Manufactured wood.
It is very nice. The are dimensions are, width 46.75, depth 20 and height is 36.
Here is another option, The Haleakal Kitchen Island Prep Table Hardwood.
The price for this island is 469.99.
I have added this to your cart. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You are very welcome!
Hello there, lets see what we can find, do you have a color in mind?
Do you like any of these?
This is the Jarrard sofa, it currently cost 829.00
Sure thing, we can keep looking if needed.
Here is the side of it.
Sounds great, would you like me to add it to your cart for you?
My pleasure, the Jarrard Sofa in Brown for 829.00 has been added to your cart. Anything else I can do, or will that be all?
Hi! Do you have a particular color shade or style in  mind?
Yes, we have four options in white. Here are the first three. Please let me know if you'd like to see one closer.
Absolutely! This is the Roudebush Solid Wood Dining Chair.
It is very nice! Here is the view of the back. It is crafted from rubberwood and perched on top of flared legs with a slatted back.
This one is priced at $112.40. What do you think?
Yes, I'll do that right now for you. I wanted to show you the side view as well so you can see that the back of the chair is not very straight just to make sure that it suits your needs.
Perfect! I've added four to your cart. Thank you for shopping with us!
You're welcome and you have a great night as well!
I can definitely help. Do you have a color preference?
And do you have a price range that you're looking to be in?
And, one other question, do you have a size preference?
Here are a few of what we have available.
That's our Haddock collection, it's very popular.
?I can definitely add this to your cart. Were you looking or anything else today
You are welcome and thanks for shopping with us
These are a few chairs I have. Do you have any particular color interests?
Here are a couple of brown chairs. What do you think of these?
Here is the right side view of the chair. It's a Huling dining chair.
It is a rustic twist but a down-home style. What do you think?
This chair costs $177.99. I think it's a good price for a nice chair.
Yes, absolutely. Do you need to look for anything else?
Great! The chair is in the checkout.  Have a great night.
I am happy to help you with that. What specifications are you looking for?
I have one option in white. This is a Farmingdale End Table.
In gray I have a few more options. Do you like any of these?
The view from the front and back look the same. This is a Creeksville End Table made from manufactured wood.
The width and depth of this item is 15.75 inches, and the height is 24.
The listed price is currently 93.99.
This item has been added to your cart.
You're welcome.
What are you looking for?
What kind?
What do you think about this one?
Yes, how about this one?
I just showed it in white . I thought you saw it.
Width: 63.02 Depth: 36. Height: 31".
Okay it been added to your cart. Thank you shopping with us, let me know if anything else i can help you with.
I would be happy to help you with that. Do you want a dining, accent, or office chair?
Here are a few different style and color dining chairs. Do any of these appeal to you?
This is the Sowerby Solid Wood Dining Chair.
Here is the left side view.
Yes. This chair is 35.44 inches in height, 20.72 inches in depth, and has a width of 17.88 inches.
It is currently priced at $159.99.
I have added this to your cart. Have a great day.
I'm here to help: Here are a few selections for you.
Based on your preferences I have these:
This nice one is priced at only $449.99
Solid natural wood and manufactured wood.
The dimensions are: width 52 - depth 18 - and height 36
I do not see any other colors mentioned.
I have added this island to your shopping cart. Is there anything else I can assist you with.
Have a good evening.
Hi, glad to help! Any particular decor style you prefer?
Sure, here's a few that we have
Sure thing! This is the Ricardo Ladder Bookcase.
It is crafted from manufactured wood
Sure!
Certainly. It is 22 in W x 14.46 in D x 70 in H
This costs 69.99
Sure thing! Would you like to look at any others while you're here?
It has been a pleasure! Bye-bye.
I would be happy to assist you.  What style are you shopping for?
What is your color preference?
How about these?
We apologize for the inconvenience.  The pictures are unavailable at this time. Are there any other details that I can provide you with?
Yes, it is on sale for $249..99
The measurements are 60 x 18 x  52 1/8"
Yes, I have the saved the item to your cart?
My pleasure!  Thank you for shopping with us and have a wonderful evening!
Here are a few of our many options. Are you looking for a certain color?
Okay, other than the double chairs shown previously, these are the dark brown chairs that we have available. Would you like to see a close up of one?
Here you go. These are the Solange Upholstered Dining Chair.
Great! These are $82.99 for the set.
These are made of solid wood and has a rustic brown finish. What do you think?
Adding it to your cart right now! I'm glad you like them. Thanks for shopping with us!
Sure. Do you have any color or style preference?
Here are some brown coffee tables.
Of course. It is the Silvis Coffee Table.
Here you go
This is what the top looks like
It's top is made with rustic wood and sides are crafted from metal and finished in a black hue.
This table costs $319.99.
Yes. It has been added to your cart.
Hi, do you like any of these
Can you see now
Sure, this is our Avery Sofa bed
Yes, the frame is made from manufactured wood and it features foam cushions.
Here are its dimension 85.91 W 38.77 D and 34.84 H inches
$1049
Sure, this has been added to your cart
You are welcome
Here are some of our bookcases, do you like any of these?
Sure, this is our Stoneford Etagere Bookcase.
Here is a side view of this bookcase.
This bookcase is crafted of solid and manufactured wood.
The price is $66.99 and it measures 31.5 wide, 11.75 deep and 32.5 high.
I've added two of the bookcases to your cart and it was my pleasure to help you.
sure, where will these chairs be going?
do you have a particular color in mind?
how about this one it is blue and is a Barrel Chair
How about this armchair? its bigger than the blue one that I sent over.
here is another barrel chair, unfortunately this is the last "big" chair that we have.
yes, unfortunately, I'm sorry!
sure, it is a barrel side chair and can support up to 250lbs.  it measures 38" H x 46"W x 44" D.
this one is priced at $399.99.
yes, this is the current price of this particular barrel chair.
you are very welcome!  please let me know if you need anything else.  have a good night.
We have dining, coffee and end tables.
OK, here are a few options.
The width of the Luther Coffee Table is 46.91 inches.
Here is the bottom.
This is the left side.
This table is $379.99 .
Ok, I've added it to your cart. Will there be anything more?
Have a good day.
Great! Like any of these?
Absolutely, we have a wide selection of styles and prices!
No problem! Here a few more you may like.
That is a good question. It looks like this one does not have a drawer but I can find you one that does!
Got it! Here is something you might love. Tell me what you think.
While there isn't available information on product material. I can tell you the price if you are interested!
This Darius End Table can be purchased for $87.81 today!
Sure thing! I have added this item to your cart. Anything else?
Your are welcome! Thank you.
I would be happy to help you with that! Check out these popular top picks from customer. Do any of these stand out for you or is there a certain style or color you want.
How about the Benedetto Kitchen Island? This beautiful Island is hand made in North America. It features two drawers and a spacious cabinet with 3 shelves adorning the sides of the unit. Would you like to hear more about the Benedetto Kitchen Island?
This modern yet traditional island comes in a variety of finishes for the solid and manufactured wood. Typically gray is the top choice among customers. Also, the island features removable locking wheel for the added bonus of mobility.
Te Benedetto is currently listed at 579.99
White and black, although we only have gray currently in stock
It is my pleasure to assist you. The Benedetto Kitchen Island in gray is in your cart.
I would be happy to. Do you have a color in mind?
good choice do you have a budget in mind
what do you think of this one
here you go. do you like it?
here you go
how about this one
I dont have access to any more white ones at this time
youre welcome
I'll be happy to help. What room will it be used in?
I have some dining tables I can show you. Take a look at these.
It is made of manufactured wood and has a neutral white finish. It is 47.25 inches in diameter. What else would you like to know about it?
It can seat four people. Its care is easy and only needs wiping with a dry cloth. Would you like to see any others?
Here is a similar table in a darker color. It
Its price today is 519.99. It also comes with a removable leaf and can seat up to six diners. Would you like to see another view?
I will be happy to add it to your cart. But, just to make sure, it is an oval shape rather than the circular like the first one. Do you still want it?
Okay, it's in your cart. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes. what kind of lamp
Here are a few options I have pulled. What do you think?
Of course. Here are a few more.
How about the one on the end?
Im sorry we don't have anything in brown but we do have this one.
How about this one here
Sorry I was not able to help you today.  Have a great day!
These are some brown dining chairs we have in stock.
Does any of these chairs look suitable for you?
This is the solange upholstered dining chair crafted from solid wood and has a rustic brown finish. The price is $82.99.
Here is a rear view of these chairs.
Sure. I've added this item to your cart.
You're welcome.
Hi there, to help serve you better, let me ask what type of chair did you have in mind today?
This is our Yellowstone Valley Contemporary Armchair.
Here is a left side view.
A view of the back.
This is our haywood swivel barrel chair.
No problem, have a good day.
Okay, what kind of chair are you looking for?
Here are some of our dining chairs, do you like any of these?
Sure, this is our Gayla Solid Wood Dining Chair.
Here is a side view of the chair.
The price of the chair is $99.99.
Okay, I've saved it, will there be anything else?
You're welcome and have a good day.
Sure! I'd be happy to. Are you looking for a particular color?
Here are a few white lamps. Do any stand out to you?
Certainly, here you go. This one is called the Athenis 27.
Sure, here's a side view of it.
It costs $112.99.
Sure thing! I've just added them to your cart.
I'd be happy to help. Are you looking for a dining table, end table, or coffee table?
Any color that you are shopping for?
There isn't anything available in beige at the moment. Here are a few in brown. Do you like any of these?
There are these two in white. What do you think?
This is the Affric Glass Dining Table.
The width is 53.97 inches, depth is 53.97 inches, and height is 31.1 inches.
Is there anything else I can show you?
It's been a pleasure. Have a great day!
Sure is there a specific price range you are looking for?
This is the only black one we have. Would you like to see the others or would this one suffice?
$1399.99
Here's one that's priced at $579.99.
This one is constructed from solid and manufactured wood. It has dark antique brass hardware.The cabinet offers six shelves as well as two drawers.
Width 48 Depth 24 Height 34.78
Yes is has four removable locking wheels.
Sure! I'll add it now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Sure I can help with that. Do you have a color in mind?
Okay Great, do you have a price range?
Here are three various lamps
How do you feel about this one. It's great for nightstands and etc.
Do you want something modern or traditional?
How about one of these?
Is this it
I am not sure If I have shown you these two yet?
The dimensions are "13.6" width,"13.59" depth, and "24.79" in height.
This Visconti Spiral Cage cost ,$74.99. It's considered a contemporary style.
The price is $74.99
You are welcome.
Here are some bookcases we have in store
Are you referring to this one?
Sure, this is the Oridatown standard bookcase. It features 5 shelves, 3 of which are adjustable
This piece is made of manufactured wood
Depends on what you are looking for but you might like the Saskia Etagere bookcase
Here you go
Sure it is 31.73W 12.72D 65.98H
$209.28
Sure, this has been added to your cart
You do the same
Id be happy to show you some. To help me narrow down your selections what type of table are you looking for?
We have quite a variety for you to select from. What is the style of the space its going. I have displayed 3 for your consideration
The Colborne is a simple yet stylish table that will achor this in any rustic fell room
This one has a price of 759.99
The Corelia is a solid wood table. It will add a mid-century modern inspired look to any space.
It measures 70.5" long and 43.5 wide. and stand 29.5 " from the ground.. This table seats up to 6 comfortably
This one is priced at $534.99
I have added this to your cart. Please let us know if you need anything else. Have a great day
sure what type table are you looking for?
Sure, would you like to see more?
Ok here are a few, but for the dining room
I found another take a look
im sorry this is the only one we have, would you like more details?
width is 112, depth 42, height 30, black. the table is french country style, with extendable dining table .
we have a different one in brown
Sure item added to chart
so long
Ok, what budget should I adhere to?
Do you have a color in mind?
Here are the accent chairs we have available in white.
This is the Evanston Swivel Papasan Chair.
It has a stainless steel frame and is upholstered in faux leather.
The dimensions ate 29.2 inches wide, 26.44 inches deep, and 31.98 inches tall.
The price is $294.99.
Yes, thank you for shopping. The chair has been added to your cart.
I would be happy to help! Do you have a color or style in mind?
We have 9 in stock, here are the first 3.
Here are the next 3.
This is the Shounak Kitchen Cart.
Its perfect for adding extra storage space and counter space to your kitchen.
It is priced at 329.99
Of course. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome! Have a nice Day!
I wish I could show you tropical islands but I assume you are looking for the kitchen type. Do you have a budget I should be mindful of?
Here are a few of our more popular styles. Are any of them of interest to you?
Is there a specific color you have in mind? Here are a few others.
There are the two islands that we carry in the color white. Would you like a closer look at one of them?
This is the Hedon Kitchen Island with Stainless Steel Top.
Here is a picture of the stainless steel top. The price on this one is $449.99.
Great! Thank you for shopping with us. It has been added to your cart!
ok, let me see... Unfortunately i don't carry any red chairs at this moment.. any other color that may suite your needs
do you like any of these?
I sent two which one would you like
one had armrest and the other did not?
this is the Dorset Barrel Chair retails for 202.99
Sure the legs are crafted with birchwood and the upholstery is a soft polyester fabric that wraps around the chair.
For sure any other Item I can help you with today?
Yes I will, enjoy your purchase and have a nice day!
What color would you like?
This is the Yara Ottoman. It has lots of extra storage.
Here are a couple in black
This is called the Baffin Cube
17 x 17 x 16
Here is a back view
It's priced at $66.99
I have added it to your cart.
Goobye
Hi! What style and color do you have in mind?
I'm unable to share a picture, but we have a modern style lamp poly resin lamp molded in a gentle hour glass shape. Are you interested in that one?
This one has a cream color shade.
No problem. The exact measurements are 15.75" W x 15.75" D x 28.5"H.
The price for this one is $40.95.
Great! I have added this lamp to your cart. Anything else you need assistance with?
I can help you with that , what kind of chairs are you looking for?
Is this for a living room?
What is the decor style for your family room?
Here is one that is modern and is meant fir a family room
It has as swivel foundation and features an embroidered patchwork
Happy to help! I will add it to your cart.
I'd be happy to help. Do you have a color preferences?
Here are the first three white I have. Let me know if you want to see more options.
Of course. This is our Menizer Table Lamp.
No problem. This is the Athenis 27. It's portable and stylish, lightweight with abundant illumination.
No problem. This is the Cremorne LED 28.
The lamp is made from metal in a polished steel finish. It strikes a long and thin Z-shaped.
It's 28''H, 3.5''W and 19"D.
This is the top view of the lamp.
I've added it to your cart. Is there anything else you need?
The price is $159.99
You as well.
Here are our white dining tables.
These are a few of our white coffee tables.
Yes, this is the jerlene glam coffee table.
This is the top view.
My apologies, this is the top view. It is 234.06.
It's added to the cart.
Sure thing! What color or style are you looking for?
Here are three we have in stock and we have many more.
How about any of these?
This is our Paterson Dining Table. It measures with a width of 59 inches, 35.5 inches in depth, and 29.69 inches inches in height
Ok, just added it to your cart. Thank you so much!
Your welcome. Good day to you!
I am showing you black bookcase for any room, was there a color  that you had in mind?
And what room do you need the bookcase for?
what decor style are you interested in?
sure no problem , modern. the price is 233.99
sure i am showing you decor style farmhouse.
Sure do you have a certain chair in mind? One for Dinning or an Accent Chair?
Sure here are some black accent chairs. Do you see anything you like?
Yes. That is the Yellowstone Valley Armchair. I am currently showing it to you.
the yellowstone is $1299.99. its the most expensive chair we have in stock.
its pattern fabric houses the softest and most lux cushions we have in stock.
the width is 36.58" and it is 37.01" deep.
What kind of chair where you thinking about?
Here are some options, what do you think?
Here are some dining chair options.
Like this one?
$209.99
Ok, It is saved for you
I can assist you with that. What color do you prefer?
These are some of our gray accent chairs available.
This is the Liam Barrel Chair.
This contemporary style chair was crafted from manufactured wood and features a curved back, rolled arms, and plastic round tapered legs.
$165.99
These are all of our gray dining chairs.
No problem.
Certainly! Are you looking for a particular color, or is anything okay?
OK, here are a few sofas. Are you interested in any of them?
Sorry about that! Here are three sofas. Do any look good to you?
Sure thing. Here are three more.
I'm not sure about patterned, but here's a more colorful sofa.
It costs $529.99.
Sure! I've added it to your cart now. You're very welcome! Have a nice day.
Ok, no problem. Do you have a certain color in mind?
Here are the first set of options that we have available in white.
Yes, here are the second set of options available.
Ok, I have provided a closer view of our Ginevra 59.
This item is available and priced at $229.99
As follow in inches 40.79"W X 21.39"D X 59" H
Thank you for your selection. This item has been added to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome and you too!
so what type of table are you looking for
Great i can help you with that what style are you looking for.
All right I have a couple high top tables one is black and it sits four people and one is a oak wood table sits six.
the width is 15.0 depth is 15.0 and the height is 20.9
I am sorry i do not have that information available but i can tell you that it has a reasonable price at $208.77
Considering that it sits six people it should be great
Sure i have added the table to your cart, is there anything else i can help you with
I'll be happy to try. What kind of table are you looking for?
We have many different styles of end tables. Can you tell me a little about what your preferences are?
Take a look at these three. Do any of them appeal to you?
This is the Pagano end table. It is priced at only 37.54 today.
Do you only need one?
Okay, i have placed one end table in your cart.
You're very welcome!
Sure! What kind of chair were you looking for today? We have several available here for dining, your office, and as an accent to any room.
I'd be happy to help you find one. Did you have a certain color in mind?
Here a few chairs we offer in white. Do any of these catch your eye?
This is the Sowerby solid wood dining chair. It is a very traditional design with a neutral solid finish.
Here you go! Would you like to see another angle?
There you are.
This one is $159.99
It was my pleasure to assist!
Are you looking for a specific color?
How are these?
Here you are.
Here you go.
W  24.5,  D  22.34  H  31.9
$59.99
Sure. It is added to your cart. Anything else for today?
Anytime.
Yes is there a certain type you are looking for?
What style?
What shape?
Is this it?
Here is a darker one, it is more oval.
It is $519.99
Ok
Great! Any particular color? Here are a few for you to browse.
I apologize, here are some for your viewing. Our tables do not come in any bold colors. We carry black, brown, or white.
Yes! This is the Cordelia Solid Wood Table.
Absolutely, this table is made of both solid and manufactured wood.
Here are the first 3 I shared. Would you like to take a closer look at any?
This is the Townsel Dining Table.
The price is $320.99.
The width of this table is 47.14 inches.
You are welcome. Good bye.
Hi what kind of ottoman?
How are these?
Yes that is the Janeen Cocktail ottoman.  It's a modern style that showcases a square frame supported by four tapered rubber-wood legs. The 100% polyester upholstery is available in a variety of colors and the legs are finished with a black stain.
It is 196.99
Yes I've added it.
You're welcome!
We have this available in white It would be great for a study. What do you think about these?
Sure, the dimensions are Width 40.79" Depth 21.39" Height 59"
I'm sorry but those details are not available at this time. The Ginevra 59 Lame Set is a good way to boost a room's brightness.
At this time that information is not available. The smaller one seems to be best used on a night stand.
Sure, I'll add this to your cart. Have a great day.
My pleasure!
Hi, I can help you find one. Do you have a decor style or color preference in mind?
We have five traditional sofas. Here are the first three. Do any of these catch your interest?
Of course. Here are the other two.
This is the Croydon Loveseat. It features bun feet, rolled arms, and a bonded leather upholstery.
Sure! This is the Colston Loveseat. Like the previous one, it features rolled arms. It also has a high-back silhouette, tapered square feet, and luxe black velvet upholstery.
Yes, here is a side view.
It has dimensions of 57.74" W x 30.28" D x 49.91" H.
Here is a view from the back
This is priced at $469.99
I have added one to your cart as requested.
Sure.What kind of table are you looking for
Sure.
yes, here you go
Here is the closer view
sure
width 112 depth 42 height 30
1269.99 dollars
Sorry,Unfortunately yesterday is the last day for sale
i will try my level best to get the item for you in discount
Thank you
I would love to, do you have a color in mind?
I have these two, does one style look preferable to the other?
These are white I have that could fit that description
Height: 33.9, Depth: 16.29, Width: 32.13
This runs for only $189.99. Would that be acceptable?
I will do so.  You are quite welcome and I hope you enjoy it!
Of course. did you have a certain color in mind?
Okay! Do any of these catch your eye?
Sure! would you like to see another angle?
It's $469.99
Great, I'll add it to your cart.
you too!
Sure, I would be happy to help you today. Do you have a color preference?
Here are a few blue rugs that I found. What do you think about them?
Sure, here is a closer look at the Gehl Modern Brown Arcs & Shapes Area Rug.
The dimensions are Width 26.99 inches, Depth 46.99 inches Height 0.4 inches
This rug costs $25.99
Ok, I'll add this to your cart.
My Pleasure! Goodbye for now.
Hello. Here are some we currently have available. Is there a specific color or style you are interested in?
I sure can. Here you go!
Sure thing! Here you go!
Sure thing! Here you go!
Here you go is this the right one?
Sorry about that here you go
It is $66.99 .
It has a square frame crafted from plastic with a removable polyester blend upholstery in a striped pattern. It is made  in the usa.
Great I will be sure to add it to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you with today
You are so welcome have a great day
Id be happy to help, are you in need of a dining table, end or coffee table?
Here are 3 of our traditional options, Do you have a style and color in mind
The Kenworthy Extendable dining table has a French Country style. It is made from manufactured and natural hardwoods and has a distressed dark walnut finish
I have added this to your cart. Can I assist you with anything else
you as well
Okay, what kind of chair do you need?
Dining Chair or Accent Chair?
Here are a few brown accent chairs that i found. What do you think?
Sure, here is a close up view of the Bronwood Armchair.
Dimensions(in): Width: 28.25, Depth: 31.49, Height: 32.75
This beautiful chair has a price tag of $289.99
Yes, i will go ahead and add it to your cart now. Can i help you with anything else tonight?
You're welcome.
sure and what color would you like
ok sure no problem try these out
sure no problem how do you like these
sure no problem take a look at this
ok no problem have a look at this
27.9 ht width 17.11 and depth 21.4
It is made of manufactured wood and with some plastic fiber
only $249.99
sure no problem
no problem have a great night thanks for shopping with us
I can, do you have a certain room in mind?
Here's a few, we do have more, ket me know if there's anything you'd like to know
Here you go
This is our Valeries solid wood table and it is $412.99
Here ya go
63.02' wide, by 36" deep, by 31" high.
I am happy to add this table to your cart. Was there anything else I can do right now?
Thank you or shopping with us.
Yes I can, I have plenty of different colors and designs area rugs. Do you want to see a specific one?
Do you like these?
This is how it looks. Its called the Bradt Dark Gray Area Rug.
This one has a 48" width, 72" depth and 0.5" height.
This one is cheap. It retails for $23.99.
Yes I can. I added it to your cart.
Sure, what style and color do you have in mind?
Here's an option:
I hope you can see it well now. The material is metal.
The price is $88.99.
The minimum price is $19.06.
The Bohl is the only modern lamp option and it is 20.97 inches wide and 21.73 inches height.
Your welcome.
Hello, i can help. What color do you prefer?
I'm sorry we do not have any black modern sofas. However, i would be happy to show you some other styles in black.
Here are a few that i found. Do any of these interest you?
This is the Tucson 39.5. The dimensions are: Width: 44.77, Depth: 29.25, Height: 31.28
It's made of solid rubberwood. The seat and back are padded with foam and upholstered with faux leather that's easy to wipe clean.
Here is a top view. What do you think?
Sure, no problem. I will save the Tuscon 39.5 to your cart now. Is there anything else i can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a good night.
I'd be glad in assisting you today, Here are a few that I have came across for you to explore please let me know which one you would like to see a bit closer.
Here are the next page of Selections, please let me know which you would like to see.
Here we have a Bowerbank Standard Bookcase,
The Price Listed for this one is $185.32
This is made in the USA from manufactuared wood
It is Width 52.78, Depth is 13.02 and its Height is 47.12.
Great I'll add this to your cart, Right Now we have holiday promotion going on it is 50% Off free Shipping.
No problem, it has been added to your cart,
I would love to, do you have a color in mind?
Certainly, here is a few ewe have to offer.
Here is the side view of this bookcase
28.5" wide, by 58" tall, by 14" deep
We have white, black and gray
All models are $98.88
I have added this to your cart, anything else I can do today?
Thank you for shoppin with us
You're welcome
Sure what color are you looking for
Okay I have several here
Can you just tell me what your looking for an I can describe the best match for what your looking for
Okay, I have the grey Auden Kitchen cart with faux marble top that has 3 shelves on the side a cabinet a drawer and locking wheels
Just $189.99
Sure anything else I can help with today
have a great nigh
Sure, I can help with that! Are you looking for a specific color, or is anything OK?
OK. Here are a few bookcases. Do any of them interest you?
Sure thing. This one is called a Ricardo Ladder Bookcase.
Here's the top view.
It costs $69.99.
You're welcome! Did you need anything else today?
You're welcome!
Hello, Definitely i can help you, do you have anything in particular like style or color.
Ok, here are some models based on you preferences. Let me know which one do you like.
Oh is it let me share again
Sorry, due to technical issues you couldn't see the images do you want me to describe the item
As you asked, its a round pedestal table. Its built from  solid wood and around top.Its compatible with any 4 chair
Price is $194.99 and the Dimensions are W:33 D:42 H: 29.5
Sure, not a problem, I will remember.
Your welcome!! Have a good day.
Great! Do you have a specific color in mind?
OK, here are a few options you may like.
Great, is this the sofa you prefer?
Great, is there anything you'd like to know about it?
Yes I can. Here are some white dining chairs.
This is the Roudebush Solid Wood Dining Chair and it is crafted from rubberwood and perched atop flared legs and showcases a slatted back.
Width: 21.5, depth: 20.76 and height: 36.48.
It is priced at $112.4.
Sure. It has been added to your shopping cart.
You're welcome.
Hi, I would be happy to help you find the item that you are looking for. What type of furniture is it?
We do not have any ottomans that fit your description, but we have a cylindrical end table that fits your description.
Here is the Lorraine End Table.
Absolutely, it measures, in inches, 17.04 W x 17.04 D x 23.21 H. Will that size work for your daughter?
This eye-catching end table costs $136.23.
The Lorraine End Table is crafted from solid mango wood.
You are very welcome! I have added the Lorraine End Table to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
Thank you and come again! Goodbye for now.
What's your color and style preference?
Sorry, we do not have any brown farmhouse kitchen islands. But here are some brown kitchen islands for you.
This is the Crisfield Kitchen Island.
Here you go
This is the left side view
The height is 35.31.
Sure. It has been saved as one of your favorites. Here is only black kitchen island we have.
It is 44.33 inches tall.
It is priced at $1339.99.
Sure, It has been added to your favorites.
What color and style are you looking for?
Here are three brown rug options I currently have.
We have modern and traditional options in brown.
I have one other option in brown.
What other colors would you like to see?
I can only show you three options at a time. Here are the first three.
This is the Brandt Dark Gray Area Rug.
The listed price is 23.99.
I have added this rug to your cart. How else may I assist you?
You're welcome.
Hello! Sure, is there any color are you interested in?
Based on your request, I think you may like these.
Sure, this is the Fresnay Kitchen Island
Sure, this is a side view from the left side.
It is crafted with an iron frame, it features a distressed manufactured wood countertop and two lower solid and manufactured wood shelves, able to support 80 pounds of serveware, canned foods and more. Its baskets are removable, it also has rolling casters allowing you to move it around wherever you wish to.
Sure, the island dimensions are 47.29 for Width, 17 for Depth and 31.23 for Height
The price is $206.99. Do you want it to be added to your cart?
Thank you and Merry Christmas to you!
I can help you with that. Is there something specific you are looking for?
Here us the only farmhouse sofa we have.
We don't have any rustic sofas. but here are a few with three cushions.
Here you go.
This particular sofa cost 699.99, and the main color is gray.
The sofa has been added to your cart.
You are welcome.
Great I would love to help, are you looking for a certain color?
Here is a lovely print that is both blue and gray
Yes of course here you go! its called our brandt area rug
This rug is 60x96 so it is a good size rug
Yes it will cover a good area.  It is only 16.99 so its really a good price for the size
Yes I sure can is there anything else we can do for you today?
No problem!
Hello, did you have a color or style in mind?
Here are a couple of options.
Here are a few other options.
Certainly, this is the Jarrard Sofa.
Of course, WX86, DX37 and H X32.
Here is a side view.
It is currently priced at 829.
Certainly, I have done as requested.
My pleasure, Happy Holidays.
Do you have a color in mind?
Here are quite a few that we have available.
How are these?
Hopefully, these work!
Sure thing, this is our Alijah Mid Century Vintage Modular Loveseat.
Sorry about that, here you go!
Of course!
44.97 in width 28.03 in depth 26.88 in height!
203.99!
I will and you as well!
I can help you with that. We have coffee tables, dining tables and end table
here are 3 coffee tables in white. What do you think?
Here is a white end table
here is a round coffee table
The Wasser Coffee Table is crafted from metal and features a cross base in a gold finish to provide that hint of glamour. The circular top is made from manufactured wood and has a durable matte finish .
Its $118.57
I'll add it to your cart
Happy to help
Hello! What kind of tables are you looking for?
How about (this kind of tables)
Here you go ()
Sure! How about this? ( )
You are very welcome.I will add it to your shoping cart
I'm happy to help you.  Did you have a certain style in mind or budget?  Or are there certain attributes like storage & mobility that are important to you?
The most brightly colored kitchen islands are made of metal.  Here are 2 for your consideration.  Th island on the left is from our Haleakal line & offers a hardwood kitchen block on a metal base. The island on the right is from our Shounak line.  It also has a metal base but solid & manufactured wood counter top & shelves.
The Shounak kitchen island is $329.99. Here is a larger view. Would you like the dimensions?
This kitchen island is 46.75" wide, 20" deep & 36" tall.  It sits on 4 wheels & includes 2 shelves with 2 wire basket drawers & 2 towel racks. Would you like to see a side or top view?
The Shounak kitchen island is $329.99.
Here you go.
I've added the Shounak Kitchen Island to your cart. Do you have any other furniture needs I can assist you with today?
Thank you for shopping with us.  We appreciate your business.  Enjoy the rest of your day!
I'd be happy to help you find a table today. What type of table are you looking for?
Is there a certain color that you are shopping for?
Here are a few gray end tables to take a look at. Do you see anything you like?
Absolutely! Let me know if you want to see it from a different angle.
This is a view from the left side. What do you think?
Here's a view from the top. Do you like it? Or would you like to see another one?
This one is priced at 69.99. It's a great value and made of solid birch wood.
Fantastic! I will go ahead and add it to your cart for you. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
You are welcome! Enjoy your new end table!
I see. Is it a teen bookcase you want? Or just a bookcase?
I'll take it that you meant a bookcase only. So, where do you wish to place this bookcase?
Alright, what decor style would you like it to be?
Let me see what we have available. Okay, I'm sending a couple now.
How do you like these two?
Looks like there's a technical error from our side. Would you mind if I described the first one I sent to you?
Sure. The price of that one is $125 only, excluding taxes.
Why certainly. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Your welcome.
do you have a style in mind
Do you have a budget in mind
Hi I am unable to search for anything, I just have a black screen.
Yes the sofa has a 61/2 length , the arms on the sofa are not overstuff. there are two footrest on both end of the sofa that you are able to lower or raise. The sofa is within you budget at $599
32 to 40 inches deep ,The actual depth of the seating area is reduced by the depth of the sofa's arms and back of the sofa. the sofa is by asley
Would you like me to put it in your cart?
Ok I will do that an thank you for shopping with us today
I can help with that. Are you looking for a specific style and material?
Here's a style you might be interested in
My apologies, I don't have any available at the moment. Were you searching for other furnishings today?
Currently the style catalog isn't available, but what I can share is Accent Chairs that are Black vintage style for any living room.
Yes, unfortunately the style catalog isn't available for viewing. at this time. I'd be more than happy to send a collection to the email we have on file for you. Is that okaY?
Okay. Is there a particular color that you are looking for?
Alright, Do you like any of these?
This is the Torin Sofa, It is priced at $203.99.
I'm sorry, I do not see anything cheaper. I do see a sofa for the same price
Here you go. Tell me if you like this one.
Would you like me to add this to your cart?
Okay, the item has been added to your cart. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Goodbye.
Hello, these are the traditional lamps we have available
How about these, these ones are from our modern collection
You mentioned something in brown, how about our Bohl 22" Desk lamp
The Ginevra is th only tall lamp in our catelog. This comes as a pair for $229.99
Unfortunately no in this style it comes as a set
Not at the moment, would you like me to add it to your cart?
It has been added to your cart. You do the same, thank you
Sure. Here are some for you to look at. Are you looking for anything specific?
The middle one is our Alvarado Loveseat. It's crafted from rubberwood, its frame features flared legs, angular arms, and a warm pecan stain for a natural feel. We only have this chair in this color, would you like to see other sofas?
Yes. It's made out of rubberwood. The back and seat are padded with foam and upholstered with orange polyester fabric.
This sofa is 53.75"W, 33.5"L, and 32.5"H.
It can go in any room.
Sure. Here's the side view for this sofa.
Okay. I have added this product to your cart. Thank you for shopping with us today.
What kind of table are you looking for? Dining table, end table, or coffee table?
Do any of these options interest you or would you like to see some more?
This one is priced at $234.06 right now
The measurements on this one are 42 by 23 and 18 inches high
Here are a few different options that are available in white.
I will add that one to your cart.  Have a nice evening.
sure what color would you prefer
check these out
check these out then
sure here you go
sure 194.99
It is crafted from solid wood
width 59.67 depth 41.97 height 30.16
sure here you go
sure here you go.
Sure. Is there a particular color or style you want?
This is the Rummond Storage Ottoman. Do you like it?
Here's the bottom view.  The side views look the same as the front because the dimensions are the same.
It's 17.04" W x 17.04" D x 18.02" H.
The price is $86.99.
It's crafted with a solid rubberwood frame, and polyester blend upholstery.
Great!  It has been added to your cart. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes I can. what kind of chairs are you looking for?
Okay here are some. Is there any in here you like.
I am sorry for that we have been having technical issues. I can help by expressing as much detail as possible for you.
I am sorry for that we have been having technical issues. I can help by expressing as much detail as possible for you.
Okay I actually have a set like that and one very similar to that. What details would you like to know about them?
The smaller side chairs have 6 pins the bigger Head of the table chairs have 8 bigger pins.
Okay let me go take another look to see if I can find them.
Okay I see the ones you are talking about. The price of them are $219 for both are those the ones you are referring to?
Absolutely, glad I could help. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Hello, what color are you looking for?
Here are a few, are any of them appealing to you?
It's called a Mentzer table lamp. It's a good pick for your nightstand, to add an artful appeal.
Here's a view of the left.
Sure, here's the back.
Glad you like it, the price is 127.99
Will do. Thank you
Yes, I will be happy to help. Are you looking for a certain type of chair?
We have some brown office chair, accent chairs, or dinning chairs. Which one would you like to see first?
Okay! Great! We have different decor styles as well.  Would you be interested in a farmhouse or modern brown accent chair?
Do you have a price range in mind?
I have a lovely brown modern accent chair for 135.99, would you like to see?
Here you go (shared picture). How do you like it?
We also have this one for 205.99 (insert picture) it has a great design and comes with accent pillow
I am sorry, do you want to look at more chairs?
Thank you very much.  Enjoy your day.
Hello. Here are some table lamps we have available. Please let me know if you have any other questions and I will be more than happy to assist you.
That's ok! Here are some more that we have. Do you like any of these?
This is the only brown lamp we have available at the moment. It is the Bohl 22 desk lamp.
How about this one?
It is $98.99 .
Sure thing! I have just added it to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome! Have a great day
Sure, I can help you with that. What color are you looking for?
Here are a few.
Those are the only black sofas, would you like another color or style?
Here are few more brown sofas.
This one is $829
Sure.
Sure.  Have a great day.
Sure here is a few to look at. Did you have a color preference?
This is the Potts Barrel Chair. It's upholstery is a faux leather.
No that is the only color in the Potts.
We have this Randall Armchair in black. But the description seems to be missing.
No sorry. There is not.
It is 30.69" x 27.46" and 32.16" tall.
No problem. Have a great day.
hello are you intrested in a specific color
no problem are you intrested in a specific style
based on your request i found these options
this brand is a solange upholstered dining chair
the one on the right is also a solange upholesterd chair
how is this one
no problem this is a hurling dinning chair
no problem is there anything i can help you with
thank you you also
I would be glad to help. Did you have a color in mind?
Great choice. Did you have a decor style in mind?
Great did you have a specific room you intended to put it in?
Great idea. Did you have a budget in mind?
what do you think about this one?
what do you think about this one?
108x79x.5
$23.99
Added to cart. Anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Sure, what color would you like it in?
Sure, here you go
Great, this is a Fitzhugh Kitchen Island!
Here you go!
Yes, It's $409.99. This is the right side.
This is the top!
Sure, here you go
Yes, It has been added to your cart!
You are welcome, you too!
My  pleasure to help! Is there a color that you prefer?
Sure thing. Here's a few of the darker ones in stock.
Yes, this is the Shounak Kitchen Cart Solid + Manufactured Wood.
Sure, here's a view of it from the left side
Its actually a bit pricier at $329.99.
Yes, I'll certainly add this to your favorites.
My pleasure!
Sure, any particular style?
I found these two.
of course
Its a free standing design, both classic and contemporary.  It has a stainless steel base and a butcher block wooden top.
This island is $469.99
Yes.  Have a good day.
You too.
I'd be happy to help! Here are 3 of the many options available. Are you looking for a certain color?.
Okay, these are the 2 chairs listed as brown. Let me know if you'd like to see one of them closer.
This one is the Bronwood Armchair and the frame is made of solid walnut and birch wood.
This one is 28.25" wide, 31.49" deep and 32.75" tall.
This chair is $289.99. Does this fit in your price range?
I've added it to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Is there a decor style or color you would prefer?
Here are some black sofas.
Here are a few of our grey sofas.
Apologies, here are the grey sofas.
Here is a keanu loveseat.
It's 229.99.
They are, width: 52.14, depth: 26.18, height: 31.31.
It is added to your cart.
Likewise, take care.
Do you have a certain style in mind? I just sent you a few.
I am sharing that image to you now.  Let me know if you can see it. It is 162.99
Ok, Let me try again. It is the Sirine Ottoman.   You can also use it as a table to place a try on. are you able to see the image?
No , It will not serve as a table . it is 24 inches wide
But if you are looking for something with more width, this is the leesburg big swirl. it is 40 inches wide
$349.99
Sure, But before you go let me show you the Sigler. it is 35 inches wide.  Can I add it to your favorites for later?
You are welcome.
What style of coffee table are you interested in?
We have a black laquere coffee table availablet that has storage beneath it.
We do not have anything that fits that description be we do have a table with swing out shelves to extend the length of the table.
I know the style that you are speaking of but unfortunately we do not that style available. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes this table is 36 inches long and 22 inches wide and 14 inches high.
Your welcome. Happy New Year to you as well.
Glad to help. Here are a few options to look at. Do you like any of these?
Absolutely. Here are a few options in brown.
Nice choice. This is the Darius end table with storage. It's priced at $87.81.
Sure. It's 12" W x 24" D x 24" H
This Colleen end table is brown and does not have drawers.
It's $41.99
Absolutely! I've added it to your cart. I hope you enjoy it!
OK! Here are some darker ottomans. Are you interested in any of them?
Sure, here's a closer view. It is called a Janeen Cocktail Ottoman.
It is made of polyester upholstery and stuffed with dense foam padding. It has a modern decor aesthetic.
Sure, here you go.
It costs $196.99.
You're welcome! Have a nice day.
Hi. I can help you with that. What color do you prefer?
This is our brown ottoman available in our store right now.
$179.99
Width: 18, Depth: 15.06, and Height: 16.5.
This ottoman is crafted from solid wood.
Sure. I've added this item to your cart.
You're welcome.
what are you looking for specifically in regards to color
These are the islands we have in white
Sure, this is a Hedon kitchen island with stainless top
Width:52 depth:18 and height:36
This island cost 449
sure
Okay, is there anything else I can help you with
Okay, Your item has already been added to your cart. Enjoy the rest of your day.
An end table or coffee table?
Sure, what color would you like?
DO you have a budget?
Great, here are some options:
Great! Here is a closer view.
You are very welcome.
Sure I can. Do you have any color in mind?
What do you think of the first two?
I have these other ones. What do you think about them?
This is the Clarence Loveseat and the price of this one is $369.99
The dimensions are 32" H x 56" W x 31.5" D
This is the right view of this sofa.
$369.99
This is a faux leather couch filled with foam.
Consider it done! Do you need my help with anything else?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I will be glad to help you. Here are a few for your viewing. What color are you needing it in?
Here's a top view so you may look at the design. It is the Clair Area Rug.
It is W-60, D-89 and H-0.25
The cost is 36.99. It's a lovely rug that would go with any arrangement.
It is made in Turkey from polypropylene, a durable synthetic material that resists staining and fading.
I will be happy to. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thank you,
Yes I can.  What type of table are you looking for?
I'm sorry my screen is down right now and I can't share the views with you.  I can give you information on what I have.  What color dining table do you want?
Great! What style of dining table are you looking for?
modern black dining table
I have an Alexa dining table that I think you will like.  Its a rectangular table with black finish in a modern style.  The dimensions are 87"Lx39"Wx30"H.
Yes, I can. Thank you for shopping with us.
Thank you.  You too!
Of course. Here are a few of our dining chairs in stock.
I'm so sorry, here you go.
This is our Marshallville side chair.
Here you go
It has a molded plastic seat and four round, tapered solid wood legs.
It is 59.99
They have been added to your cart. Have a good day.
Hello, yes I can. What color would you like?
These are the white options we have. Do you like any?
Yes, this is the Alfric Glass Dining table crafted of tempered glass.
It measures at W:53.97in, D:53.97in, and H:31.1in.
This cost $489.99.
Sure, so I can better assist you can you tell me a more about your preferences
What color wood island
These are the ones I have in white
Sure, this is our Fresnay Kitchen Island with wooden top
this is the side view
heres the top
Yes, the dimensions are W 47.29 D 17 H 31.23
Great, its only $206.99
It was my pleasure have a great night
Certainly! What style are you shopping for?
Based on your request, I can recommend this one.
We apologize for the inconvenience.  Here is a close view.
Certainly, it is available in the gray color and is rectangle shaped.    The legs are also straight.
It is $74.99.
The measurements are 30 x 15 x 22".
It is made of solid pine wood.
Thank you for shopping with us!  Have a great day!
Sure. Here are some options. Do you like any of them?
Here are some options.
This is the Crisfield Kitchen Island. It is 45 by 15.48 by 35.31.
The Hedon Kitchen Island has drawers and a stainless steel top.
Here's the right side.
Here is the left side.
You are welcome.  Have a good night.
Sure. Here are some of our Accent Chairs. Let me know if you'd like to see some more or if you're looking for anything in specific.
Sure. You should be able to see it up close now.
Sure. Here's the back of the chair.
Yes. You should be able to see the top now.
It is made out of wood and faux leather upholstery with a foam filling.
This chair costs $171.99
Yes. I have added it to your cart. Thank you for shopping with us today.
Sure, here are a few wooden options.
This is the only farmhouse style option we offer. This is the Gayla Solid Wood Dining Chair.
This is made of versatile wood and includes a woven rattan upholstery.
Here is a top view.
The measurements are 20.56"W X 19.52"D X 34.43"H
This is item is $99.99
Sure, I've added 4 chairs to your cart. May I help you with anything else?
You're very welcome!
What style of dining table are you shopping for?
Is there any particular color you are interested in?
Based on your request, I can recommend this one.
Here is another picture that I can provide.
Are there any other details that I can provide?
You're welcome and have a great day!
Do you have a style in mind?
These are the modern islands available. What do you think?
This is the Hedon Kitchen Island with Stainless Steel Top
This island measures 52" width x 18" depth and 36" height
The island cost 449.99
Yes of course, This kitchen island is now in your shopping cart.
I would be delighted to. Do you know what size sofa you'd like to select?
Because you said the sofa is for your family room, it must have pillows, and be gray, I selected a sofa that best matches those preferences.  Here, have a look.
It has a neutral gray linen upholstery. The cushions are stuffed with foam and fiber.  Since you mentioned pillows earlier, I wanted to mention that five toss pillows are included with the sofa.
Unfortunately, I do not have those details.  I am really unable to tell if the cushions have zippers and if the inside stuffing is compacted.
The sofa has a width of 89.9 inches, a depth of 39 inches, and a height of 40.08 inches.  Also, as you can see it has three seat cushions.
The sofa with five toss pillows is $729.99.
That's great! I really hope you and your family enjoy this sofa.  I have officially added it to your cart.
You are most welcome. Have a pleasant remainder of the day.
Sure, what decor style are you looking for?
What color are we going with today?
Here are some of the bookcases that I have.
Sure, I sent a picture of the back.
Here are some white bookcases.
Sure, It metal and it has a clean lined frame and a brass finish. It has 6 shelves of different sizes. The measurements are: 40.04 (w), 72.03 (h), and 13.01 (d)
Here is a picture of the left.
I have added this to your cart. Anything else?
It is 233.99.
You are welcome. Goodbye for now.
You have a good day as well.
Hi! Do you have a particular color in mind?
Yes, Here is a Unique Loom Solo Solid Shag Modern Plush Cloud brown rug.
Sure! The dimensions for this area rug is 26 x 3 x 3 inches.
It costs $20.60.
I have added it to your shopping cart. Anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Thank you for shopping with us! Have a great day.
I would be happy to assist, any color in mind?
What do you think of these?
Sure. Here are the more options we have.
Yes, there are more options.
Here are more.. We will have some more.
Sure. Here are some more.
What of these ones?
Here is a close view.
1299.99 is the cost.
Great. Item has been added to your cart.
My Pleasure.
No problem.  Is there a style you like?
No problem.  Here is a black chair we have in stock. Do you like this style?
Yes we have the Derrico Armchair that is a bit smaller.
In inches this is 22.1 wide 28.44 deep and 34.51 high
The frame is made from solid and manufactured wood in a walnut finish
Great.  I have added this to your cart. Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.  Happy new year!
Here are three options we have from our inventory.
I have this Santa Maria Dining Table.
This dining table is crafted from solid walnut and manufactured wood, in a medium yellow tone.
This table is approximately 71 inches wide, 36 inches deep and 30 inches high.
The price is 383.99.
I have added this item to your cart. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You're welcome.
can you please look these
Which one do you want to know in detail
it is a sirine ottoman
do you mean dimensions
width 24 depth 23.99 height 16.5
162.99 dollars
black one?
leesburg big swirl cocktail ottoman
width 40.99 depth 41 height 20
349.99 dollars
added to your cart
Hello there, what kind of chair do you need today?
Wonderful, and do you have a color in mind?
Here are a couple of dark grey accent chairs available.
This is our Yerres Wingback Chair, here is a left side view.
Another view of the accent chair.
The dimensions are W x 29.31, D x 29.96 and H X 39.33.
It is currently on sale,and priced at 429.99.
Wonderful! Congrats on your new chair. I have added it to your cart for you. Anything else I may help you with today?
My pleasure, enjoy the rest of your day.
Hello, I would love to help, what color were you thinking?
Would this interest you?
How about this one?
Yup, can you see it now?
Yes, it is the Birmingham Armchair, which like you said features one cushion. It has armrests and a double cushioned seat with a sturdy back and 4 legs.
This chair has a width of 24.7, a depth of 28.7 and a height of 32.
Great! Is there anything else you would like help with?
Have a nice day!
I'm happy to help! Do you have a color or style in mind?
Here are some of our available sofas.
Yes, here are more options.
This is the Clarence Loveseat. It is faux leather filled with foam. There is light assembly needed to put it together.
It costs 369.99
The dimensions are width: 55.51, depth: 31.82, height: 30.8
Sure! Anything else?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Bye
I certainly can! What color bookshelf are you looking for?
These are all the black bookcases I have. Do any interest you?
Sure. This is the Bowerbank Standard Bookcase.
Certainly, here you go.
It is made from manufactured wood.
It costs $185.32. Would you like me to add it to your cart?
OK, done. Have a good day!
Hi what color are you looking for?
Do any of these interest you?
What about these?
What about these
Yes, this is the last of our batch.
No problem.
Sure. What room are you looking for?
We have these in White.
This is all we have in white at the moment.
We have these in Beige
Yes. This is the Vidette Slipper.
It is crafted with a solid birch frame, filled with foam and the upholstery is poly-blend.
It is 214.99.
They have been added to your cart. Can I help you with anything else?
You are welcome.  You have a good day also.
Do you have a color or style in mind?
are either of these what you're looking for
This one?
It's a solid wood base with a stainless steel top. It has 2 drawers & 4 doors that open to show 3 shelves. The cost is
That's good news, I'll add it to your cart It is $449.99
You are very welcome
Sure, are you looking for any specific room/color.
Here are some white chairs Let me know if you like any of it.
Are you looking for this chair.
It is named as Crescentia Slipper chair framed and crafted with solid wood and wrapped with a printed cotton.
Dimensions are W-22 D-22.74 H-33
Yes, the cost is $135.99
Sure, I will definitely add this to your cart. Have a good day.
Hi, what color ottoman would you like to see?
These are the black ottomans that I found for you. Do you like any of them?
Absolutely! here are some white ones.
Sure, here is a closer look at the Baffin Cube Ottoman. It is a pouf style. Poufs are a versatile addition to your living room look.
Sure, here is a top view.
Absolutely, the measurements are: Width 17.01 inches, Depth 17.01 inches and Height 16.81 inches
This ottoman costs $66.99
Great! I'll add this ottoman to your cart.
Thank you, goodbye for now.
Sure! Do you have a color in mind?
Ok no problem. Here some of our white ottomans.
Here are some more of our ottomans with white in them.
Sure, here you go. This is our Scipio Ottoman.
This item costs $116.99.
No problem. I have added this item to your cart. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You too. Thanks!
I have many ottomans. Do you mind telling me what type of ottomand you are looking for?
Based on that I have a few. Do you like these middle and right one?
I have this one. Do you like it?
Is this more suitable for you?
I also have this gray one which meets all the qualities. Is this something you want to buy?
I added it to your cart. You are welcome.
Sure. What kind of table are you looking for?
Here are three options I have in black. Would you like a closer look at any of them?
That is our Kenworthy Extendable table.
That is our millicent dining table.
It is $333.99, and is 48x18 inches and 30 inches tall.
I sure will. Anything else I can help you with?
my pleasure.
sure, would you like to see some ottomans first?
ok sure no problem here are a few ottomans in black.
is this the one? this one is hardwood, faux leather, traditional style.
demotions are width 43, depth 23, height 18
the cost for this one will be 148.99
yes i will add item to chart.
you too
We have a wide variety.  Do you have a preferred price range?
I recommend the Shounak Kitchen Cart Solid + Manufactured Wood.  They are on wheels and have wonderful storage options, including drawers.
It is this cart. How does that look?
The Fitzhugh Kitchen Island is Stainless steel with slatted shelves.
It is 47.12 (width) x 20.51 (depth) x 35.99 (height).
This kitchen island is $409.99.
I can set that aside for you. We also have the Auden Kitchen Cart with Faux Marble Top.  It is 32.12" (width) x 16.29" (depth) x 33.9" (height).
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
Id be happy to. We have a variety of styles. Do you have anything particular in mind?
The Lockwood Is our only Black Island. It is perfect for adding extra storage and counter space to your kitchen. Would you like to hear more details about it?
It is constructed from solid wood and features a terracotta rose ceramic tile counter top.
This is the picture from the top, the photo does not do the countertop justice. This Island also comes with 2 matching stools
This one is priced at $1339.99
I have added this to a cart for you. Can I show you anything else today
Your welcome
I definitely can help you look. Do you have any decor preferences going forward?
I'm not seeing a gray one yet but I will keep searching for now I see these two. Any interest in finding out about either?
This is the Baffin Cube Ottoman and the dimensions are 17.01 width 17.01 depth and measures to be 16.81 in height. Will that accommodate your spacial needs?
Sure can, this is the close up shot of the top.
There is a square frame beneath the upholstery cover made from plastic. The cover is removable and is a polyester blend. The cover is also machine washable so easy to clean.
66.99 is the price. Would you want this item now or should I add this to your wishlist?
The 2 ottomans are in your cart whenever you are ready to checkout. Have a great day!
Goodbye. Please visit again.
Are you interested in a particular color for the kitchen island?
OK, you might be interested in these.
Sure, Do any of these look good to you?
Yes, it is made from granite.
I am sorry i do not have that information right now, but i could show you a few different styles.
I have rustic, modern and a farmhouse style.
OK do you like this one?
Of course i have it added to your cart.
Your welcome!
I will be more than happy to assist you. Is there a particular color that you would like to to show you?
These are the two sofa options that I have available. in white. What do you think?
This is an Avery Sofa Bed.
I sure can! The width is 85.91, the depth is 38.77 and the height is 34.84.
The price on this sleeper sofa is $1049.
I have added it to your cart. Is there anything I can help you with today?
Very good.  Have a good day!
What kind of island would you like?+
I've shown you thr+
Which one?
There you are.
This one is 579.99.
No problem. Take care!
Take a look at our options. Let me know what interests you
Here are some of our white chairs
This is the Sowerby Solid Wood Dining chair
This chair is 159.99
the width is 17.88, depth 20.72, and height 35.44
Awesome, i've added the chair into your cart
I'd be happy to help you find a table. What type of table are you shopping for?
I can show you some that are available. Do you have a color or style in mind?
We definitely have some great dining tables in brown. Here are a few selections. Do you see anything you like?
My apologies. Do you see them now?
I am sorry, but we are experiencing some technical difficulties at the moment.
Here are some tables in a dark brown. Can you see them?
I do apologize for the inconvenience. Please try back in a little bit and we will be able to assist you.
You are welcome! Again, I apologize but, we would be happy to help you find a dining table a little later.
I am happy to help. which room is the lamp for?
Any color preference?
I have 3 great choices in white. Would any of this work for you?
Sure, is that better?
This is an Athenis 27 Portable Table lamp is it is $112.99
The Athenis 27 lamp in white is on your cart. Anything else I can assist you with?
Glad to help. Have a great day!
Hi, welcome, i will be glad to show you around. do you have any preference in mind.
i shared one right now, are you able to see it?
i shared one right now, not so certain if it has a storage, perhaps if turned around
ok, here is a dark one.
it is made of non-fussy faux leather
ok, i will gladly do that.
Great! What are your preferences of ottomans?
OK Here is a traditional ottoman intended for a living room.
Sure. It is brown, with a velvet upholstery, and cherry wooden legs.
Sure. Here is an eye catching ottoman, founded atop four turned feet, crefted from hardwood. It has wrapped in faux leather upholstery in a neutral expresso hue with button tufts along the lift.
It is $148.00
Great! I will add it to your cart. Is there anything else I can show you?
You are most welcome!
okay, is there a color you want?
Here are some of our rugs.
Here you go.
Okay, i will add it to my cart.
Is this what you are looking for?
We have a variety of colors do you have a certain color in mind?
Here is some of our gray stock let me know if anything catches your eye or I can continue on to the next page for you.
Which one would you like that information on?
Which one?
This is our Parksley Storage Ottoman it is crafted from solid birch wood and feature  a dark solid finish. Up top you'll find 100% polyester upholstery with a cool blue hue and button tufts
This is ticketed for $265.99 Shall I add this to your cart today?
Great I have added 1 Paksley Storage Ottoman to your cart, can I assist you with anything else today?
You are welcome thank you for your business and have a great New Year!
Thank you, bye now.
Is there a certain color your interested in?
we dont have any tan colors or mixed colors that I can see yet but I will look. What types of styles .. for instance, rustic, sophisticated, modern, farmhouse, traditional, minimalist?
These are all the area rugs we have .. only one additional one and it is square
yes, it is between 16 - 65 and has soft hues of gray. it is best paired with a rug pad to prevent shifting and sliding. do you like this one? We had a lot of styles but really it was one style.
I am sorry about that. Can you see it now?
the price is $40.41, is that the price range you want to spend?
ok, will do. I hope you enjoy your rug!~
you too! Come back to see us!
I can help you with that. Do you have a certain color in mind?
We have one kitchen island in black. Does it look appealing?
Sure. The Width is 60". The Depth is 44.92" and the Height is 44.33"
Sure the price on the Lockwood Kitchen Island is $1340.
Sure thing. Anything else I can help with?
You do the same.
I'm here to help. I can bring up a selection for you, or do you have a style in mind?
We have this bookcase designed for teens:
It's called Chysanthos Etagere Bookcase.
Both solid and manufactured wood.
Here it is:
It has a height of 71, the width is 35.1 and a depth of 12.
They are asking $199.99
I have don so, Would you like to do more shopping today?
Have a happy new year!
Sure I can help you with that. Do you have a color in mind?
Im going to send you 3 black couches. Please tell me if you know a preferred style
Sure what room is this couch intended for ?
Here are some I think would work
The Tucson 39.5 has faux leather and is a modern and ideal fro a small space
It is 299.99 which is a great price for a couch that is bigger then a chair
great, I will add it to your cart and you can complete the transaction. I hope you love your new couch.
sure here are some tables you may have a look
sure here are some coffee tables in gray color you may have a look
sure here is the closer view of Sydnor coffee table
The dimensions are 32.13 Width and Depth in Inches and 18 Inches in height
the price is 175.99
sure i will add this into your cart is there anything else i can help you with
you are welcome
Good Afternoon, I'd be glad to assist you with that. Any particular chair you are looking to buy?
Sure, Here are a few options
Sure, Here we have the Liam Barrel Chair.
The Width is 34.29, Depth : 27.86 And Height is 32.46. it is a traditional design.
This chair is priced at 165.99.
Sure.
Sure anytime! I'll go ahead and add this to your cart, is there anything else I could help you with?
Let me see what I can do to help you find just the right one. Do you have a certain style in mind
Do you want it to be covered in fabric or just an all wood ottoman?
The Nobles Storage Ottoman is a great choice and showcases a bit of the tropics.
Here is the top view of  the piece. It showcases a rounded frame of plywood with flared legs crafted from solid wood. The frame is wrapped with woven banana leaves.
The dimensions are 18" wide 15.06" deep and 16.5 " high.
Great. Ive added this to a cart for you. Can I show you anything else today?
Your welcome
No problem. What color did you want to look at?
I have 2 options, what decor style are you lookingfor?
Is this what you have in mind?
it has wheels and baskets for extra storage space.
It measures 46.75" x 20" x 36".
This island is 329.99.
Sure, would you like to see any particular angle? Back, left, right, top or bottom?
here you go...
Great! I'll set these aside in your cart. Goodbye for now/
Is that a dining table you are interested in?
What do you feel about this one? It has dark, small, and has curved legs,
Thank you. I am very well versed in our inventory. Would you like to know the dimensions of the table?
This is the Uriarte Side Table. It is crafted from a blend of solid and manufactured wood. The width is 23.54 inches, the height 30.99 inches, and the depth 25.64 inches.
The price is $143.99. How does that sound for you?
Great. I have added 4 to your cart. Thanks for shopping with us!
Hi, i would love to help. What are you looking for?
Okay great, here are a few that i found. If you have any specific styles that you would like to see, let me know.
You sure can. Here is the Lockwood Kitchen Island Set with Ceramic Tile Top.
This gorgeous kitchen island has a price tag of $1339.99
It has quality materials, plus the two matching high-back stools are included.  I would be more than happy to show you the other island.
The first one is constructed from solid oak wood, with a teracotta rose ceramic tile countertop, and brushed nickel hardware. The stools are also crafted from oak wood.
Sure, here is a left side view.
Okay great! I'm sure you will be very pleased with your purchase. Is there anything else you might need for your kitchen remodel?
I'd be happy to help! Is there a certain color that you are looking for?
Here are the available ones in black. What do you think?
This is the Bowerbank Standard Bookcase.
It is 13.02 inches deep, 52.78 inches wide, and 47.12 inches tall.
It's a great deal at only 185.32.
Certainly! I have added it to your cart. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
It's been a pleasure helping you. Thank you.
Here are some bookcases, do you like any of them?
Here are some more bookcases.
That's our Saskia Etagere Bookcase, here's a better view.
Sure, here is a side view.
Sure, the width is 25.15, the depth is 18.17 and the height is 60.
This bookcase is $134.99.
Okay, I've added it to your cart, will there be anything else?
Have a good evening.
My pleasure to help. Any particular color?
I have found a selection of gays one for you. We also have others if you are not pleased.
his rug is called Brandt, in dark gray. It is width 48, depth 72, and a height of .03
I have done as you requested. Will you be doing any other shopping this evening?
Happy holidays, and have a good evening.
Hello, I would be glad to help you. What color end table are you looking for?
Would this table interest you?
Yes those woulf be great for storage. What about this one?
Yup this is the top view of the Cainsville End Table.
The hardware details on the corners are made of powder coated metal and the tabletop and shelf are crafted from high-grade MDF and durable laminate.
yes this is the back view. It is similar to the left and right views.
Great, I'll add it to your cart.
Hello! Any color preferences?
Please look at the shared pics and let me know which one do you like.
Sure, front view
Sure, top view
made from solid and manufactured hardwoods + dark walnut finish
Today price is $1269.99 for one day only Christmas sale!
dimensions 112x42x30
Sure, it's in your cart! can I help you with something else?
Hello! Here are a few bookcases to start your search. Do you have a color or style in mind?
Okay. The two bookcases on the right are smaller and black. Do you like either of these?
Absolutely! Here's a closer view of the Bowerbank Standard Bookcase.
It measures 52" W x 13" D x 47" H.
Certainly. This is the Cubicals Cube Bookcase. It measures 36" W x 11" D x 47" H.
It's priced at $68.92.
Great. I've added the Cubicals Cube Bookcase to your cart. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Absolutely. It's been added to your shopping list.
what color are you looking for
are you looking for a dining office or accent chair
which room is this intended for
based on your request here are some result that ive found
this is  a derrrico armchair
how about now
no problem is there anything else i can help you with today
have a good day
Of course, I can show you some but do you have other details in mind?
We have a light blue/green chair. Its kind of funky
Yes, its called Dorset Barrel Chair
Yes this is the back.
Here is the side
Its 29.09w x 29.54h x 29.89d
Its $202.99
yes i am adding to your cart. Enjoy your chair!
I will be happy to happy you, what kind if style are you looking for?
Here is the only white dinning table available.
It's called Affric Glass Dinning Table, which give your dinning space glamorous contemporary style look.
It $489.99 as of today.
Sure, I added the table to your cart, here's a round table.
Ok, I can help look for more option if you're still interested.
Yes, here is a End Table.
Ok, enjoy your new table.
Sure, is there a certain color preference or your open to possibilities
okay, I have 3 ottomans that are intended for the bedroom
sorry thought I shared them, I have now are you able to view them now
Great this is our Sirine ottoman
Of course this ottoman is idea for your master suite. It is crafted out of solid wood, cabriole legs and a curved apron finish and 100% polyester on the top
it is currently price at $162.99
Perfect, I have added to your cart is there anything else I can help you with today
Id be happy to help you select one. Do you have a certain style in mind?
The Cleland Upholstered Dining Chair is a popular modern option
Im sorry it is currently not available in brown. I do have th Quintus Solid Wood Dining Chair that might interest you.
I sent you a picture of the front, let me try a different view maybe that will show.
The Quintus come in a set of 4 with a price of $253.99
Id be happy to, would you care to look at anything else today?
The Cangelosi is a Gray, Ivory and Brown area rug. It is machine woven and is stain and fade resistant.
Absolutely. I have added the area rug and the chairs to your cart! Can you think of anything you want to take a look at? .
Enjoy the rest of your day! and thank you for shopping with us.
Of course, would you like to see any particular color?
Would any of these be to your liking?
I sure can , this is the revere Lift Top  Coffee Table
Yes, this is a side view of this coffee table for you
Of course, here is a nice view from the top for you.
Yes the dimensions for this item is width 43, depth 19.5, height 18.69
Is there anything else you would like to know about this item?
Ok, The price for this item is $154.65
Actually it is made from  manufactured wood.
Yes, I can do that for you. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome, have a great week.
Unfortunately we don't have any blue sofas. Do you have another choice?
Here are a few in gray.
It is poplar wood and polyester upholstery.
Here is the left side.
In inches: width - 88.42, depth - 37.6, length 38.82
Ok. I am adding it to your cart. Will there be anything else?
Ok.  You're welcome!
Sure. These are some bookcases we have available.
This Ricardo Ladder bookcase is crafted from manufactured wood.
Unfortunately, this bookcase only comes in this standard neutral finish.
The Oridatown Standard bookcase features five shelves that are adjustable and is crafted from manufactured wood.
Sure. The price of the Oridatown Standard bookcase is $209.28.
Sure. Do you want me to add this item to your cart to order?
I seriously doubt it based on the material it's made from. Unless you paint it a color different color once you purchase it.
You're welcome. You have a nice day as well.
I would love to. What kind are you wanting?
Any of these you like?
These are the only gray ones.
This one is 175.99
Here's another angle.
No problem.
Any color?
Do you have a price range?
At this time I do not have a picture to show.
Yes we have this one.
How about these?
Here it is.
H  70.
I have added it to your cart. Is there anything else.
Thank you.
Here are some nice accent chairs I found.
I found this Dorset Barrel Chair.
I found this one.
I also have this liam barrel chair in stock, is this what your looking for?
This is a view from the left.
This is a view from the top.
This is a bottom view.
W 34.29'' D 27.86'' H 32.46''.
It costs $ 165.99
It has been added to your cart.
Is there a color you had in mind?
I have these available
It goes for $115.99
There's these as well! What style are you looking for?
145.99!
Ill add it to your cart then!
Absolutely, is there a certain style you are looking for?
Right now we have three available in brown.
This is the Crisfield Kitchen Island crafted from wood with a chocolate finish.
This island is priced at a very reasonable $122.99
This measures in at 45.03" x 15.48" x 35.31"
Here is the overhead view that you requested.
I have added the kitchen island to your cart for you.
You are very welcome.
Would you prefer a coffee or end table?
ok, how about these?
Ok, this is the Mathis Coffee Table Trunk with Lift Top.
Natural oak with antique hardware.
It is $449.99 .
This is the closest one we have to the previous model.
Here it is.
Ok, will there be anything else?
Ok - you're welcome!
Hi, I will do my best to help you. Are you looking for a lamp perhaps?
I have three that I am sharing with you. Let me know if you see one that looks like ice cream.
Yes, this is called the Battey 18. It's great for use on a nightstand.
The Battey 18 costs $83.99
The shade is clear glass. It doesn't come in black or gray.
You
I'd be happy to assist. Here are a few options to get you started. Do you have a specific color or style in mind?
Okay. Here are some darker options.
Absolutely. This is the Janeen Cocktail Ottoman that offers a contemporary touch.
This Hobgood Deluxe Tufted Storage Ottoman is very similar in style but offers storage space as well. Is this more of what you're looking for?
Here's another option. It's the Leesburg Big Swirl Cocktail Ottoman.
Great! It's priced at $349.99.
Unfortunately, I don't have that information available, but I can tell you that it's 41" W x 41" D x 20" H.
Absolutely. I've added it to your cart. I hope you enjoy it!
OK. Do you have a style or color in mind?
There are several black ones available, but here are some popular styles.
This is the Lundgen end table with a hidden compartment with two USB ports and two outlets.
This table is 12.75 inches wide, 22.75 inches tall, and 22 inches in depth.
This sells for $144.99.
I have added this to your cart. May I show you anything else?
You are welcome.
Hello, Of course. Do you have any particular, color or decor style in mind?
We have this great table: the Boothby Drop Leaf Solid wood dinning table. What do you think?
Of course, We also have the Cordelia . It is a round dark brown dining table crafted from a blend of solid and manufactured wood.
The dimensions of this table is 70.5 in x 43.5 and the cost is $ 534.99
Of course, this is how the table bottom looks.
ok, this is the Fortunat Extendable dining table, it is crafted of solid hardwood with laminated veneers .
This particular table cost is $ 619.99
Sure, I've added the Fortunat table to your cart. Anything else I can do for you today?
You welcome, have a great night!
Of course! What type of chair are you looking for?
Alright. Is there a particular color you are wanting?
Sure thing! These are the options I have for blue vintage style chairs. Do you see any that interest you?
The minimum price is as low as $45.99 and the highest is $689.99
Of course. The chair is a vintage metal frame design with a blue velvet seat. Here is the front of it. The price is $236.99.
You're welcome.
You are welcome
Yes. What style of Island are you looking for?
We have a portable white island with a butcher block top on wheels, Is this something you would be intersted in?
Unfortunately my virtual assistant is not working but I cand describe in great detail the islands we have available? The butcher block Island is the only one we have that is white we do not have any black ones. All others are either lite wood color or combination of metal and wood.
The Island is 3 and 1/2  feet long and 24 inches wide, and 36 feet tall.
This Isalnd retails for 499.00.
I have this item to your cart. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Your welcome.
We have a variety of sofas, do yo have a color or style in mind?
I have displayed the 3 Sofas we have that come in Black. Which one would you like to review first.
the Colston Loveseat will instantly elevate your living space with this eye catching beauty
Today's price is $469.99
The Tucson 39.5 is a more affordable option. It offers a mix of mid-century modern style into your living space.
Crafted from a solid rubberwood, its fram has flared back ledge clean-lined arms have a natural finish. The Frame is covered with a faux leather that's easy to clean.
Here you go. The box-tufted details round out the design with a touch of texture.
$299.99 way under your $350.00 budget!
Great. Ive added this to your cart. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Your Welcome
What type of table are you looking for?
Here are some for you
It is the Mathis Coffee Table Trunk with Lift Top and it is priced at $449.99.
This is a similar one priced at $168.99.
Sure, will do. Anything else you need help with?
You're welcome.
Hi, good day to you too. Sure, I can help. I would like to know your color preference.
Sure, we do. Showing some now.
Sure.
It's the Hobgood Deluxe Tufted Storage Ottoman.
Showing top now.
Sure, it's $148.99
Sure, its 43in. wide, 22 in. deep and 18 in. in height.
You're welcome. I'll add it to your cart now. Thank you for shopping with us.
here is several chairs.
This is a Black Side Chair
dining area
The asking price 144.99
Dimensions are width 17.51 Depth 20.71 height 331.17
sure be happy to add it to your  cart
your welcome
Yes, good evening. What color or description you have in mind
alright, lets see what we have. what about these
It is 185.32
yes this is a little smaller but it $68.932
Yes of course. I am adding it now. Is there anything else
Thank you
Here are three very unique coffee tables. Do you like any of them?
This one has both specifications. The glass is tempered. Is this the one you had in mind?
Here is what it looks like from the top.
Sure can, the table itself is made of iron and the dimensions are 36.05 width, 36.05 depth and 18.01 height.
Item has been added to your cart. Thank you for shopping today. Happy holiday.
Sure. What color do you have in mind?
How about the options shown?
The Hedon is an excellent choice and costs 449.99
The Auden is 189.99.
The Hedon measures 52" W x 18" D x 36" H
The Auden measures: 32.13" W x 16.29" D x 33.9" H
Here you go!
There you go!
Consider it done! Pleasure doing business with you!
These are some kitchen islands we have available.
This is the Fresnay Kitchen Island with Wooden Top.
47.29
Here is a top view of the kitchen island.
The price is $206.99.
You're welcome.
Of coarse, what color are you looking for?
We have many options in white available. Here are a few for you to browse.
Yes, here is another look. This is the Athenis 27 lamp.
The lamp is 26.49 inches tall, 15.5 inches wide, and 9.59 inches deep.
No, it does not.
This one is $112.99.
Yes, the item has been placed in your cart. Thank you for your purchase.
I'd be happy to assist you in finding something you like. Let me show you a few and you can tell me what you are looking for exactly.
These are the two that are in white. What do you think?
This is the Fresnay Kitchen Island with Wooden Top. Here is the view from the back.
The price for this is 206.99.
This rustic piece is crafted with an iron frame  and features a distressed manufactured wood counter top and two lower solid and manufactured wood shelves that support up to 80 pounds of serve ware, canned foods, and more. It also has removable wire baskets at the bottom.
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help you find today?
You're welcome! Have a great night.
Sure thing. What color do you have in mind for the table lamp?
And where would you intend to place this table lamp?
Would this one be of interest to you?
How about this one.
What of these two?
Would you be referring to these ones?
The price for these two is $229.99
Of course. Anything else I can do for you?
Bye.
Sure. I can help you with that. Will one of these options work?
Yes. Unfortunately, those are the only black colored accent chairs we have.
Sure. No problem. Will either of these options work?
Sure. I can give you a closer look.
Sure. I can give you a left side view.
The minimum price of this dining chair is $59.99 and the maximum price for this chair is $253.99.
Yes. That would be for a complete set.
Sure. No problem. Have a nice day.
Hi!  Here are a couple to choose from
Here you go
Here is a side view
Here is a top view
It is the Alijah Mid Century Vintage Modular Loveseat.  It has a wooden frame with a dark brown hue.  It is a modular sofa that is topped off with foam fill
The width is 44.97 inches, the depth is 28.03 inches, the height is 26.88 inches
The price is $203.99
Sure! I will add it to your cart
You are welcome! Merry Christmas to you too!
This is the Bohl lamp with an adjustable design.
This sells for $88.99.
This lamp is metal with two metal cone shades.
I do not have that information, but this piece could fit in many decor styles.
This is the view from the left.
I have added this to your cart. May I help with anything else?
You are welcome and you too.
Okay, i can help. What color do you prefer?
Sorry, we do not have any desks at this time. Perhaps you might need a table?
Currently, we have dining tables, end tables, coffee tables or cocktail tables. Here are a few coffee tables i found.
Sure, here are some end tables. Do you like any of these?
This is the Lundgren End Table. It's crafted of solid and manufactured woods available in a selection of fashionable finishes.
Ok great, i will add it to your cart now. Is there anything else you might need?
You're welcome. See you later.
Here is a nice Kitchen Island, it is called the Lockwood Kitchen Island Set with a terracotta rose ceramic tile top.
Here are a couple options in white.
Here are some in a simple brown.
This is a view of the side of the Crisfield Kitchen Island
The dimensions are 45.03 15.48 35.31
It is founded atop four castor wheels for effortless mobility, it's clean lined frame is crafted of wood with a chocolate finish and it has a gray oak finished top.
I will add it to your cart, Can I help you find anything else today?
Your welcome, How a wonderful day.
I'm happy to assist today. Here's one that just may spark your interest today. What do think?
I'm afraid not. However, we do offer chairs that can easily add even more elegance to this island.
The Lockwood Kitchen Island is priced to sell at only $1339.99. That's almost 30% less than competing store selling the same item or similar.
I completely understand your budget concerns. However, I can offer you this island from the Frensway collection priced at only 206.99. Does it fit in with your current decor?
Great news, I found this island from the Hedon collection. It;s made from imported wood with a durable build and plenty of storage space for all of your needs. What do you think? It's priced at only $449.99
My apologies, I've optimized the catalog for your viewing. Thanks!
Here's the specs: It has a Width of 52", a Depth of 18 and Height of 36.
Yes, right away.... I've added the Island to your cart. Was there anything else you were wanting to explore today please?
You're welcome. Thanks for your patience and shopping with Top Styles Catalog. Have a great rest of your day. Bye for now.
Let me assist you with that today. Do you have a color in mind?
Here is a small selection of the accent chairs. Do any of those appeal to you?
Here are some more. Do you have a price range?
The Dorset Barrel Chair is only $202.99.
Here you go.
Here are 3 more that are available.
This is the Haywood Swivel Barrel Chair.
That is $469.99.
I have added it to your cart. Can I help you find anything else?
You're welcome.
Okay, I'll try to help. Any certain color or style?
Here are a few in black
This is the Granville. It measures 36"wide, 38"deep & 36"high
I only know that it is constructed from premium-quality materials with a wooden frame
Sure
It is $759.99 and it comes with accent pillows
Okay! I can do that. Thank You & Merry Christmas!!
You're very welcome
I'll be happy to help with your shelf. Would you like to look at bookshelves ?
Here are a few styles and colors for you to look at.
This one has a lighter color, it's called the Ermont Etagere
The cost is $81.59 each.
Would you like to add this bookcase to your shopping cart?
Happy to do so, will there be anything else for you today?
Have a great day!
What color are you looking for?
This is the only brown bookcase we have.
Here is a short one.
Here are some in Black.
It is worth $68.92
It is 36.07 inches wide, 11.61 inches deep, and 47.64 inches high.
I don't have that information. It is a Cubicals Cube Bookcase.
Make it a good day.
Yes, what kind of table are you looking for?
I found a few that are big.
Yes, do you have a maximum price?
Yes,  the measurements are 112 wide, 42 for depth, and 30 in hight.
The price is 1269.99! This is a little high but its a french country style dinning table with solid hardwood and veneers.
Looks nice and smooth!
Perfect! Its added!
What do you think of these styles? How does each of them tie-in with your current decor?
Yes, I have have more for you to view. That way, you can expand your selective choices.
Per your request, here's an up close view. I hope this fits the style you have in mind today...
I'm glad you asked, It's on sale this week, while supplies last priced at only $68.92
Here are the dimensions: The Height is 47.64" Width 36.07 and finally, the depth is  11.61." I hope this will fit the space you'll use this Bookcase in....
I went ahead and added the items to your cart. Is there anything else you'd like to explore today?
Thanks for Shopping the Styles Catalog. Have a great rest of your day!!
Let me show you some of our brown dining tables first. Here are some brown tables available
This is the Fortville Extendable Solid Wood Dining Table. What do you think?
This table is 59.67" width, 41.97" depth and 30.16" height
It cost 519.99
The dining table is now in your shopping cart. Would you still want  to see our available end tables?
You're welcome. Enjoy your day
What style are you shopping for?
What is your color preference?
How about these?
Certainly! Here is a closer view.
30 x 15 x 72"
It is on sale for $69.99.
I have added it to your cart. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
My pleasure!  Thank you for shopping with us and have a wonderful evening!
I have several islands with different colors and designs. Do you want something specific?
Sure. These are some of the different styles and colors I have. Let me know if any catch your eye
That is the Lockwood Kitchen Island set with Ceramic Tile Top. Do you want to see it up close?
This is a closer look of the island.
Sure. This is how it looks from the left side.
This island goes for $1339.99.
Yes. The dimensions for the island are 60" for the Width, 44.92" for the Depth and 44.33" for the Height
Nice. Yes, I just added it to your cart.
You are welcome.
Great, we have many available for you to browse today. What is your maximum budget?
Here are a few sofas we have to offer.
Here are a few more for you to view. If there is a specific color or style you have in mind, please, share with me.
Do you like any of these gray options?
This is the Martinique Tufted Sofa. It sits up to three people.
Of coarse, here is the back.
This sofa measures 33'' tall, 31.09 " deep, and 72'' wide.
The price is $988.99.
Yes, I have saved it to your favorites. Thank you for shopping with us today.
Do you have any particular style in mind?
This is what we have for an office chair. Made from Oatmeal-hued fabric upholstery which gives it an inviting feel while also allowing it to blend with your color.
The width is 22.5 inches, the depth is 23.86 inches, and the height is 38 inches.
Great! Do you want me to add this to your cart?
The price is $207 for the chair.
I've added the chair to your cart. Is there anything else I can help with you today?
Thank you so much! Enjoy your purchase.
Sure, are you keen to any  of these?
Sure, this is the Nobles storage ottoman.
$179.99
Sure, which one?
This is the Sigler. With this one it is more than just a foot rest but an extra seat.
I will add it to your cart
I would be happy to. Are you looking for a certain type of table?
Here are the brown end tables that are available. Would you like to take a closer look at any?
Here is a closer look at the Darius End Table with Storage.
It is priced at only $87.81.
I am sorry I do not have the details on the material used. They describe it as a clean-lined style with simple versatility.
I have added this to your cart. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a great day.
Let me see if I can help you find something similar. Is this a dining table you are looking for?
Here are the two styles of white dining tables that we have available.
Wonderful. This is the Affric Glass Dining Table. The width of the table is 53.97 inches, the depth
The price is $489.99.
I would be happy yo add it to your cart.
I can help you with that. Do you have any color in mind?
What do you think of these ones?
Here it is. This is the Paterson Dining Table.
The dimensions are 59" W x 35.5" D x 30" H
The price is $280.99
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Do you want a certain color.
Here you go,
Sure here you go.  It is a Brandt Dark Gray Area Rug.
It cost 23.99
Width is 48, depth is 72 and height is 0.5.
I'm glad you like it.  Thank you for shopping with us.
I hope so. Do you have a color or style in mind?
I have several I can show you. Here are the first three.
This is the Athenis lamp with an industrial look.
This is the Mentzer lamp with curved steel frame.
I have a couple others. This is the Berman lamp. Also crafted from metal.
This sells for $101.99.
I have added it to your cart. May I help with anything else?
You are welcome and you too.
hi, how can I help you today?
ok, what kind of table?  dining?
Great!  Let me show you what we have...do you prefer wooden tables?
Certainly! This is the Boothby Drop Leaf Dining
yes, here it is...and the sides drop for more space!
Of course. Can I assist you with anything else today?
I can help you with that. What is your preferred color?
Here are a couple of our white bookcases.
The Stoneford Etagere Bookcase is crafted of solid and manufactured wood in a classic painted finish.
The price is $66.99.
Sure. I've added this to your cart.
You're welcome!
Hello, I can help you with that? Can you give me more details about the chair are you looking for? I can located any tall leg chair in our catalog.
These is part of our selection of brown chairs. Do you find something that interest you?
Are you able to see the chairs now?
I am sorry about that. Can I help you with something else?
In the dark shade selection the maximum price  is 144.99.
You welcome, have a great day!
Hello, it would be my pleasure to assist you today. Here are the first set of options. Tell me what you think or maybe narrow it down by color.
Maybe one of these options. I have one more set that I can show you.  Let me know.
I do have a round Cangelosi Acrylic Gray Area Rug.
This rug is 91.77 in width.
I agree.  Would you like more information on the rug?
The width is 91.77,  depth is 91.63 and the height is 0.5
I have added it to you cart.
Of course. Any particular color?
Here are a few light colored accent chairs we have. Do you like any of these?
Yes, it is a dark gray.
I guess this chair wouldn't be considered "light" but it isn't too dark either. It is measured at 38" H x 46" W x 44" D, and is able to support up to 250 lbs.
Yes, you can always add lighter pillows to make the chair appear lighter. This chair is priced at $399.99
Great, they've been added to your cart. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Hello, I'd be glad to help. Do you have a style in mind?
Here are some of our black sofas.
What do you think of the black one here?
Here is another in black.
I have this one but it's not solid black.
It measures 33"H x 72" W x 31" D. Do you think it will fit?
This sofa sells for $988.99.
Great, I've added it to your cart... will there be anything else?
You're welcome.
