Hi there. I need help finding a bookcase today.
I do not have a particular style in mind. Can you show me a few examples?
That looks nice. May I see it from behind?
May I also see it from the right side?
Thank you. Do they make this in other colors?
Yes, Do you have anything in black?
This is more my style. Can you add this to my favorites for now?
No, thank you for your help today.
I am looking for Kitchen Island
not any specific color but i would prefer white
Can i please have the closer view on the left one
Can i please have the top view of it?
Can you please tell me about its material?
Very nice what are the dimensions of this?
Perfect what is the price of this Kitchen Island
may you please add this to my cart
Thank you no that would be all will surely visit your store again
I am looking for a new accent chair, today. Can you help?
Maybe a gold/ brown
The first one to the left.
I'd like to see a side view. Also, what colors is this available in?
And what's the price?
That's a perfect size. I'd like to purchase this
No, you have been absolutely wonderful today.
Hello! I'm looking for a rolling kitchen island. Can you help?
I'd like something with drawers and enclosed shelves.
I'd like a natural wood color, but I'm open to other options.
I like it. Can I see the side view?
What is the price of this one?
Could I see the top view? I want to be sure.
I like it. I think I'll buy it.
Nothing else. Thank you! You've been a great help!
Hi, I'm looking for a chair
I'm looking for an accent chair
I was actually going to ask you to show me something colorful, as I want something bold in my living room, so purple sounds good
I quite like the color. Do you have any other bold colored chairs to look at, though?
Any bold color will do, so something that just kind of "pops" when you look at a room
I think this is a bold pattern. It would definitely catch your eye if you walked into a room with it! Can you tell me a bit more about it?
What's it called?
Interesting. What dimensions does it have?
Can you add one to my cart, please?
I am looking for a black end table. Can you please help me?
Can I see the next set please?
I like the one on the left. Can I see a closer picture of it please?
What are the dimensions on it?
Sounds like the perfect size. What is the price?
Yes please add it to my cart. Thanks for all your help today.
Thank you have a great day.
Help me find a gray comfy gray couch with gray pillows.
It really blends in with a number of design aesthetics.  Most likely it is traditional or modern but I'm not totally certain.
Yes, I'm so glad you were able to find it. What design is it?
That's what I expected. What is the price?
That is pretty expensive. I think I'll come back later to see other sofas.
No thank you. I can remember it.
Hi there, can I see what chairs do you have available?
Do you have any in green that are modern?
Olive green.
Thank you how much is it?
I would love to purchase!
I am looking for a kitchen island.
Brown would be mice.
Do you have anything taller?
Okay. What about the one on the left?
Great! How much is it?
Nice! Add to my cart, please. Thanks!
Hello there I am interested in looking at kitchen islands and would be delighted if you'd be available to help
I would love to see some gray ones please
not particularly, i just would like to have you please show me some to peruse
please tell me more about the one on the far left
I am looking for a kitchen island.
No particular style, but could I see some options in gray?
I like the middle one. Can I see it from the side?
I like that it has a towel rack. What are the dimensions?
Oh the wheels are also a nice feature. How much?
Add this one to my cart for now.
Save those two for me to look at later.
Hi. I'm looking for a new kitchen island.
I'm looking for something in brown.
I'm not a big fan of any of these. Do you have any more options?
Yes, thank you. I'd like to see the gray options.
Thanks! I like the third one. Can I get a closer look?
Neat faux marble. Can I get a top view?
How much does it costs?
Great! I'll take it.
That's all. Thank you!
Hello! I would like to see some kitchen islands.
Can I see white, or any other neutral colors?
Can you tell me more about the first one?
What's the price?
Ok. Can you tell me more about the second one?
And, what's the price of that one?
I would like to buy the first one. Can you add it to my cart? Thanks
Nope. Thanks!
I am looking for lamps
May you please show me some more i am looking for with sand or kind of white color base lamp
No can you shoe me more please with Big Base of the lamp
Can you show me the left one please and tell me about its features or material
May you please tell me its price
Can you please add this in cart for me
Can you confirm me its material or detail
Thank you for your help
Hi. I am looking for a new chair.
Accent chair please. Do you have anything blue?
I like it, can I get a closer look?
How much does it cost?
Do you something in a similar style but a bit bigger?
I like it. What material is it made of?
Can I see how it looks on the side?
How much does it cost?
I'll take it.
That's all. Thank you for your help.
hello i am looking for a table
end table
black please
modern
dinning
1000
perfect add to my cart
no thsnk you
Hi. I'd like to see some kitchen islands.
I'd like a soft shade. Either white or beige.
Under $700 please.
No particular style in mind.
I can't see anything. Can you tell me about the options?
Can you tell me more. How do they differ?
How much is the Fresnay Kitchen Island?
Good price. I'll take it.
Hi, I'm looking for an island
I'm looking for one in a dark brown.
Sounds nice! What's the cost of it?
Wow! Not a bad price. Whats the material its made of?
Perfect. Can I get a side view of it?
Thanks! What's the dimesions?
Pretty good size. Can I also get a bottom view?
That's perfect. I'll like to add this to my cart.
Can you assit me with the purchase of a bookcase?
Yes I am looking for a darker wood or metal bookcase>
I am looking for a three shelf case that is about no taller the then 42"?
What is the cost of this item?
I will take two in my cart please.
Thank you for your assistance. Have a great day.
Hi can you show me some of your coffee tables please?
I like the first one can you show a closer view?
Can you tell me what this one is made from?
What are the dimensions, I want to ensure it will fit in the space.
How much does this cost?
Do you have any other modern coffee tables I can see before I make a decision on this one?
How much is this one?
I'll take this one instead. Thanks for all of your help that will be all for today.
Hello, I am looking for an area rug.  Can you please help me?
I'm sorry I'm not able to see the selection. Do you have a colorful rectangular one with some red, blues, primary colors?
No.  Can you tell me what style it is?
That sounds like what I"m looking for.  What are the dimensions of the room?  I want to make sure its not to big.
That's perfect.  I hope I can afford it. What is the price of it?
Wow, That is a great price. Will you please add it to my cart?
Thank you so much for your help.  Have a great day!!
I am looking for an ottoman. Can you help?
Can you show me some with multi-colors.
It is okay, but not what I am looking for. Do you have any others?
A multi-color one. Not with stripes.
Let me see some grey ones then.
I am not able to see it. Can you tell me more about it as well as show it to me?
I am not able to. Can you save it for later?
Hello: I am shopping for an area rug, can you help me?
They are nice! If you will highlight the first option please.
The colors will work in my living room, what are the dimensions please.
Do you have any information on how it is constructed, is it wool or polyester?
I think it will work, I'd like to take a look at one more option, will you highlight the area rug with red in it please?
That's the one, what are the dimensions & what are the materials it is made of?
It's comparable to the first option, finally please tell me what each rug cost?
I'd like to take the red one, it's perfect! Thanks for your excellent hep with this.
All set, thanks again, have a good day!!
Hello I am looking for a bookcase today
I am just looking for a bookcase for my living room
In my living room
How about just in general?
Black please
I think I will come back later and look some more
Thank you
I am shopping for a living room table.
I am looking for black.
I would like to see a modern style.
That is exactly what I'm looking for. Do you have the measurements?
How much does it cost?
That is a great price, and it will fit perfectly in my living room. Also, what is the wood made of?
Excellent! Can you please add it to my cart?
Thank you and bye for now!
Hi, Im looking to buy a green sofa
Great! I'm interested in the number 3. What is the design style?
What are the dimensions?
I'll take it
Thanks!
Hi! I am looking for an end table today. Something gray and that has a shelf at the bottom. I would prefer a round top please.
Wow! I like that one a lot. What is the name of that one please?
And can you please tell me what it is made of?
Very nice. Can you show me this from the side please?
I'm sorry, I meant could you show me it from the top please?
I'm sorry, but I am not seeing anything.
No, I can't. Sorry.
I am looking for a side chair
I don't like any of those. Can you show me more.
Let me see a few more please
Let me see the one on the far right please
Can I see it from the side
Okay, I don't like this one. Can you go back to the first chairs you showed me?
Go back one more please
Can I see the one in the middle please.
can I see it from the side
What is it made of
Okay, I don't like that one either.  I'm going to shop around and maybe come back to this search later.
Hi there, I am looking for a nice couch or futon.
I think black would look nice.
That one on the right looks excellent. What is it made of?
What is its height?
That sounds excellent, thank you very much!
Hi there can you help me find some dining room chairs?
Those are nice, but do you have any in black that come in a set?
Those look Great. Can I get a side view of them?
How much does the set cost?
That is a great price. What material are these made from?
I like them. Can you please add two sets to my cart?
Not today. Thank you for your help.
i am shopping for a ottoman
no but I would love to see what you have
can i see  more please
do you have more?
I am sorry but more
the one on the left, tell me more
i like it, how wide is it
oh ok, how much
thats good. I will take it. I hope you have a good evening
Hello, I need a living room table preferrably white
I cant see any on my screen. Can you please resend?
I cant still see it but you can describe the first one first
Definitely not that one. What about the second one?
It isn't that one too. can i get something squared top  and of moderate height?
I think it should be what i am looking for. How much does it cost?
Its good. Please add to my cart
Hello, I'm shopping for an accent chair to go in my office.
Thanks, but I'm looking for something modern.  Do you have anything in the color gray?
I like the second one. What are the measurements?
What is the material made of?
Can you show me a side angle of the chair?
And also, can I get a closer view of the front?
That is exactly what i'm looking for! I'll take it.
Thank you!  That is all for today.
Hi, I'd like to take a look at some dining room tables please.
I'm sorry, I'm unable to view anything
I can not. Do you mind describing a table to me in brown. I'm looking for a wood table.
Great thanks! Do you know what type of wood this is made of?
What size is this table? My dining room is pretty big I need to make sure it will fit
Ok can you add this to my cart please. I'll take it!
I'm looking for a kitchen island. Can you show me what you have available?
No, I really don't. We're redoing the kitchen completely and have never before had an island.
They're OK but can I see the next 3?
The one on the right ain't too bad so let's keep it in mind but go ahead and let me see the next ones to compare with it.
Now that one on the left, does it come with or include those bar stool chairs?
What is the price for the set?
And can you tell me what the price is for the one that was on the right in the second set of three so I can compare the two?
OK great, thanks so much cause now I can give all the right info to my wife so that we can decide but if you'll add both to my cart so that I can quickly finish up when we've decided then I would appreciate it.
Hello! Would you be able to show me some chairs?
An accent chair is what I am looking for. Thanks!
I do not have any particular in mind, per say. I want a really bold pattern. Do you have any with patterns?
That is so cool! What are the dimensions of this one?
Perfect! What is the price?
A little pricey! I love it though. Go ahead and save it to my cart.
You have been wonderful! Thank you!
Can you help me with a Kitchen Island?
Nothing in particular, just something bright to go with a light colored kitchen.
It's nice but do you have anything in maybe a white, a blue, or maybe a gray?
Can I see it from the top and each side?
Thank You and yes if you don't mind showing me from the side with the handle.
That one is nice. How much does it cost and could you give me the dimensions?
Hmm, that is a little bit shorter than what I was looking for would you have anything that is similar but around 42" H?
Well thank you very much for your assistance. You have been very helpful tooday.
Hi can you help me find a table?
a dinning table please , can i see the options you have available
can i see the one in  the middle please?
can i see the side view?
what material is this made out of?
What are the dimensions?
does it come into different colors?
how much is it?
can you please add it to my cart?
I am shopping for a small living room table.
I am looking for a modern style, black table
Perfect!  I like the second one. Can you give me the measurements of it?
That is a gorgeous table. How much does it cost?
That is a great price! Can you also show me the first one?  I am trying to decide.
How much does that one cost?
I happen to like both of them, and I can actually use two in my room. Can you please add them to my cart?  I'll take both of them.
Thank you for all of your help!  Have a great day!
I'm looking for an ottoman.
Something black, maybe?
Sorry, I don't see anything in the window.
Can I see the one in the middle?
That's okay. Let me see the one that was on the far right, please.
Can you go back to the center and show me the left side view.
Great. How much?
Thanks! Add it to my cart. Thank you for your help!
hello, im looking for a lamp
Im not sure which room it will be going in yet, just looking for a lamp in general
They are okay.. do you have anymore white lamps?
Can you show me the middle lamp?
can you tell me the dimensions?
How much is this lamp?
GREAT! can you please show me another angle?
Thank you, I would like to purchase this can you please add to my cart
That is it, thank you.
Hello: I am shopping for an island today.
Yes, dark brown please.
Yes, I like this one. What are the dimensions?
Great, and do you have any additional details on the construction of the island?
Can you turn it, to a top view, please?
It appears there isn't seating at the island, but that's okay.  I think I'd like to take it.  What is the cost, please?
Very nice, please add it to my cart.  Will I receive a fpllowup email when it ships?
Thanks for your excellent help, have a good day!
Hi, I'm looking for a coffee table.
No preference, thanks!
I'd like to stay under $300 please.
It looks great, may I see it in closer detail please?
I love this design. How much does it cost?
Great and what are the dimensions?
Hello,I am looking for a coffee table,I would like some help
searching for  square shape ,would prefer white color
Sure, it sounds like something I would be interested in.
Do you have something cheaper ?
Modern please
This is perfect, thank you. I would like to buy it!
Thank you for your help, you have been so helpful.
Hello.  I am looking for an ottoman.
Grey or black.
Sounds great.
The square one in perfect. How much is that one?
What are the dimensions?
Can you add it to my cart?
That will be all. Have a great Day!
I'm looking to buy furniture for the living room. Can you assist me today?
An ottoman.
Haven't really thought about that. We have a large living room so maybe a large would fit nice.
What's the price?
What color does the large ottoman come in?
I think black would go great with my grey sectional. Can you show another picture at a different angle?
Thanks! Go ahead and add to my cart please.
Hi, I'm looking for an area rug to put into my living room to help add personality. Can you help me?
Something with brown and green in it.
Those are cute, but I'm looking for something more modern and stylish
You have nothing modern with brown and green in it?
Nothing in any other style?
Thanks! Have a great night.
Hello: I am shopping for lamps, can you help me please?
I'd like to see some lamps in white, two options if possible.
I'd like to learn a little more about the first lamp.
Thank you, I'd like to know the dimensions, hopefully it is not too tall.
Great and what is the price?
There was another lamp in your collection, similar to this one, but a bit more ornate, can you show me that one?
That's it. What are the dimensions of this lamp?
Finally, what is the price ?
The two lamps are comparable in price, with that said, I'll take this one.  Thank you!
All set, great help!  Happy Holidays!
Hi. I saw a dining chair in a magazine and I'm trying to find it. Can you help?
Sure! It's a light colored wooden chair with slats for the back.
You found it! Could you tell me what the dimensions are?
I think it will work. Could I see it from the side?
Really cute. Could I see it from the top?
Perfect! Is it expensive? I'll need 4 at least.
Awesome!! Please add 4 to my cart. I appreciate your help this evening!
I am shopping for a brown ottoman
Thanks. Do you have information on the fabric?
Does the ottoman open for storage?
Excellent. What are the dimensions?
Thanks. What is the cost?
Thanks. So much. I believe that's all I need.
My boss is searching for a new kitchen island to suit his needs. Are there any available?
He was hoping to find something rustic or contemporary.
Alright, how much does it cost?
Can we look at some other islands?
Okay and what is the price on this one/
I'd like to buy this one.
Hi. I'm looking for an ottoman.
I want to look at different designs, please.
Can you show me more designs?
I want to look at the first one, please.
Can I have a view from the top, please?
What are the dimensiones?
And what about the price?
Good! I'll take it.
Thank your for your help!
Hi. I'm interested in seeing your selection of tables.
One for the kitchen area.
I can't see them unfortunately.
round top or square?
I'd like to know more about the last one.
Hello! I'd like to view some gray dining chairs, please.
I don't really care for any of these. Can I see some gray accent chairs?
I love the first one. Can I see it up close?
Is it an adjustable chair?
That's okay! How much is this chair?
I love it, but I need to budget a bit more, so can you please save it for later?
Hello, I am looking for an ottoman.  Would you show me some options?
I would like to see something in black, please.
Nice, but I really want to see something in black.
This is perfect. Can you tell me about the material?
Please tell me what the dimensions are.
That is a nice size. What is the price on this ottoman?
I will take.  Please place it in my cart.
No, thank you. Have a great day!
Hi. I am looking for a table. Can you please help?
coffee table please
any would be fine thank you just browsing
I like the table in the middle. Can you please tell me more about it?
Good to know thank you . What is it made out of?
What are the dimensions of it please?
Hello, I'm looking for an accent chair.
Yes please, I want one in black and yellow.
This is exactly what I was looking for. How much is it?
Tell me about it, particularly about the material used and style.
Can I get a side view of the chair?
Please add it to my cart.
That would be all for now. Thank you.
Hello, I am interested in some chairs.
Lets go with dining chairs for now.
Show me the affordable ones.
Can you show me ones in brown color?
I don't like that one. Can I see some accent chairs in light brown color?
Great. Let me go with the first one instead. Thank you
No, this would be it for now. Thanks
Hi I am looking for a table
I am looking for a kitchen table
Grey/Bage please
Sure, Can you tell me about the first one.
Nice, can you give the dimensions
Can you give me the price please.
I like it can you add this to my cart.
N. I am good . Thank you!! Happy holidays.
Can you help me find a kitchen island?
Yes do you have any in blue?
Those look a little gray are there any in blue?
There is nothing in the user view now
There they are but they are not blue they are brown. I would like to see a blue one.
Okay well thank you for your help then.
Hi.I am looking for an accent chair.
grayish please
Do you have any others?
I  like the first chair. Can you please tell me more about it?
How much is it?
I would like to buy it can you please add it to my cart
Great thanks so much have a great day
I am looking for a table.
I would like a white chair for the kitchen
I am sorry, I meant a white table. Can you show me that?
Those are nice but do you have a square one? it goes better in my kitchen.
No, that's ok but thanks for looking. Have a great day.
Hi, I'm interested in an ottoman.
I don't have a color in mind. Can you let me see a few?
Can you give me more information on the third one?
Can I see the top of it please?
Thanks! Can you give me the dimensions on this?
Sounds great! Can you add this to my cart please?
Thank you! Appreciate your help today.
Hi there. I'm looking for a coffee table, can you help me?
I'm looking for tan, if possible!
You know what, maybe I'm thinking of light grey. How about any of those?
Oh I like the first one, can you show me a different angle, please?
Perfect! Do you know the dimensions?
Great! How much does it cost?
That's perfect. Can you please add this to my cart for me?
No, that will be all. Thank you for all your help!
Hello, I am looking for a sofa.
Sorry I can't see but I want a white comfy onde with pillows.
No I cannot does one seat 3 people? Has a pull out bed?
What is the price?
Not bad and what are the dimensions?
I would like to save this for later.
Thank you have a good day!
Hello. I am looking for a kitchen island. Can you please help me?
black or blue please
Thank you. Can you please tell me more about it?
Interesting. Can you please tell me its dimensions?
Good to know thank you. What other kitchen islands do you have available?
Thank you.
I like the third one, can you please tell me more about it?
Interesting thank you. What is the price on this one?
Great thank you so much for your help today have a great dau
I am looking for a brown end table
I am looking for something similar to the third one, but that isn't quite it, can I see some more?
Just a plain one like the third one you showed me, and in brown.
No that isn't quite it.  I am looking for one that only has a top and bottom shelf with a large space in between.
Well I like that one too, can you save it for later for me?
Thank you for all your help today
Hi. I'm looking for an area rug for my living room.
I need a gray color if you have any.
I'm not seeing anything on my end. Can you give me details of one of the rugs you're trying to show me?
I like the first rug. What are the dimensions of that one?
How much does it cost?
Please add it to my cart.
Thanks! That's all for me.
Hi there I am looking for a kitchen island!
Do you have any in white?
That would be nice!
May I get a description please?
What are the dimensions?
How much is it?
Awesome, ill take it! Thanks for your help!
Hi, I'm looking for a new sofa.
I was hoping to find a brown sofa.
I like the third one, can you tell me how much it costs?
Okay, can I see what the back of it looks like?
Do you know what style it is considered?
Cool, and what is the material for this sofa?
I really like it, but I'm not sure it will fit...can you tell me how big it is?
That's perfect, can you please add it to my cart?
Hi, can you help me find a sofa?
I'm thinking blue please?
Yes please. Any color would interest me really.
I like the one on the right. Can I please get  closer look?
It's nice.  What are the dimensions?
It's the perfect size! Will you put it in my cart please?
Thank you!  You have been very helpful!  Have a great day.
Hello im looking fir a sofa
gray and something old fashion
no
Can i see the first one closer please
Tell me more about this one please
Whats the price
please add to my cart
I'm looking for a round dining table with a pedastal I saw in a magazine. Can you help me find it?
Perfect! That's the one I'm looking for! Could you tell me a little about it?
Oh ok. What is it made from?
Nice. I'm wondering if it will fit. What are the dimensions?
Could I see the top of it?
I like it. What's the cost?
A little pricey, but I really like it. Please add it to my cart.
Thanks for your help today. That's all I needed.
I'd like to shop for a bookcase.
A dark brown would be good for my living room.
Do you have any others that you can show me?
Can I see a side view, please?
Yes, I do like this one better. Add it to my cart please.
I am looking at some rugs for my living room today.
I want a modern pattern.
I like multicolored but brown  would match my room.
Can I get a close up of the middle one?
What is the price.
Great, add it to my cart.
No thanks.
Hi I am looking for a drawer
No it looks like a dresser with drawers. Maybe its a  coffee table?
Can you describe it for me?
Can i see it from the side?
Okay, Can I see it from the top.
Add it to my cart please.
No, have a great day.
Hi there. Can you help me find an end table?
I do not have a particular color in mind, but would like something light.
I don't have a style in mind. Can you show me a few different styles?
I am interested in an end table.
I am interested in a light end table, please.
I am sorry. You are not understanding my request. I do not want a coffee table. I would like a light end table. I am good for today. I will check another day. Thank you.
Can you show me some of your sofa
Not quite what I'm looking for. Do you have modern sofa?
I like the last sofa, can I have a closer look
Very nice, what's the dimension for this sofa
not a bad size, how much does this sofa cost?
I'll take it, can you add it in my cart
Hello, I am looking for a small round ottoman please
That isn't quite what I am looking for, can I see some other ones?
I am looking for one that is a little more solid, I don't like the storage area.
That is the exact one I am looking for! How much is it?
That sounds great, please add it to my cart!
No that would be all, thank you!
Hi, I am looking for an ottoman
I think a round one
Yes I like it. What is it made of?
Can I see it up close please
How much is it
Can you add it to my cart please
No that is it. Thank you for your help
i am looking for ottoman
living room
Red color
50 to 100 dollars
i am okay to spend upto 1000 dollars
i like the middle one
dimensions please
how about the price
great.please show me side angle
please add it to my cart
Thank you
Hi there, can you help me find a bookcase?
I am not really sure what color, perhaps something light like a white. Can you show me a few suggestions?
I do think I want something taller like the second one. Can I take a closer look at that one?
It definitely is an interesting design. Can I see it from one of the sides, please?
I am not sure if this one is my taste. Can I see something in a darker color like black that is tall and slimmer?
That one looks really nice. I like the sleek design. What is the price of this one?
Perfect! Please add this to my cart.
No thank you. You have been very helpful. Have a great weekend.
Good Afternoon!  I am shopping for a kitchen island for my beach house.  I am looking for a white one.
I'm looking for a french inspired design.  Do you have one available?
What about modern?
What is it made of?
I don't understand.  It is made of tile?
Okay, thanks for your time.  I'm not interested.
No thanks.  That is all for today.
Can you show me some tables?
something simple for the dining room
I like the one on the left, can you tell me a little more about it?
It's a little too big, is there something a little smaller?
Dark wood would be preferable, please.
Is that the only square one?
That's a lot closer to what I was looking for, but not quite
May I see it from another angle?
Yes, that's great. I'll take it.
No, thank you,  You've been very helpful.
hello i am interested in a island
Yes i am interested in a island
Okay yes i love the middle one
i like it can i see it from the top
I am very interested in it so can i see it from the bottom
Okay i like it can you tell me how much it is?
Okay i like it i will take it, can you add it to my cart.
Now I need to find some chairs to go with it.
Yes i like them how much are they?
I like them these should fit in great can you add them to my cart
That is great thank you very much
Hi can you show me a table?
a round coffee table
No none of those will do, do you have a round gray table
Yes the first one is perfect.
Yes, that's the one.
What is the price?
Ok what are the dimensions?
Can you add it to my cart?
No that is it, thank you
Hi! I'm looking for an ottoman. Could you show me some please?
Let's look at grey or white please?
Can we take a closer look at the 3rd one (right side)
That's pretty! That is grey, correct? Can you give me its dimensions please?
okay, great! And what is the price tag on that?
Okay. Do have anything similiar in white?
Okay. I think I like the first one better so I'll go with that. Could u add it to my cart please?
No I believe that will be it! Thank you so much for your assistance and have a great evening!
I am looking for a modern lamp.
Alright, let's see what you have.
I do, but I am looking for an unusual design. something unique.
These are nice, what other styles can you suggest for unusual designs.
That one in the middle is cool. I like the color. What can you tell me about it?
This is closer to what I like, do you have any other lamps in black?
Just not finding what I wanted. Thanks for your help anyway.
Yes, I saw them as well. I was looking for one of those new styles which were just the bulb on a base.
Hello, I am interested in seeing some accent chairs.  Please show me some options.
Thank you.  Please show me the center option up close.
Can you show me some more options available?
I like the one to the far right. Please show me a close-up.
Does it come in any other color options?
May I see the back?
It looks really comfortable. Tell me more about this chair.
I better make sure it will fit. What are that dimensions?
Perfect. What is this going to cost?
Thank you so much for all your help.  Please place that in my cart.
I am looking coffee table today
Can you show me some white ones?
I like the middle one, can you tell me more about it.
That is really nice, can you tell me the price?
Can you add that to my cart?
No, that would be all today.  Thank y ou!
I am looking for a sofa.
Do you have any gray couches?
Can I see a close up of the 3rd one?
What is the price for this?
What are the dimensions? I want to make sure it fits in my family room.
Also what is the material? My husband has allergies so I can't buy certain materials.
Put this in my cart. I want to buy it.
thanks so much
Can you help me find a sofa?
Something brown
I want to stay under $1000
I cannot see any
I cannot, but I need something large for my family
That sounds awesome, what are the dimensions?
That sounds great, what is it made of?
That sounds perfect, what is the price?
Can you add it to my cart?
Yes please, I will be back to look at it
That is all, thank you
hello i am looking for an ottoman
something contemporary if you have it
lets see the traditional ones
no not really
can i see the middle one pleaes
can i see it at a closer view
thats ok. how much does it cost
i will take it. Can you place it in my cart for me
Hi. I need a kitchen island. Can you help?
A white color may brighten up the room. What do you have?
Oh, yes please.
I like the second one. Can you tell me how tall it is?
May I see the side view?
Can you tell me what material it's made of?
52 wide is kind of big for my space. Maybe i'll try one in a wooden color?
Oh, that's nice. May I see the back?
Yes, that's great. It's going against a wall, so I really appreciate the flat panel. Yes, I would like to purchase this one please.
I am looking for a sofa.
Can you show me a brown sofa?
Can you show me one that is least expensive?
I like this one, but what does it look like from behind?
Thank you it's very nice. Can you tell me something about this piece?
Great, this seems like it would be a perfect addition to my home.
Thank you.
I am looking for a table
Lets see some end tables
Let's see the first table up close
Can I see a view from the top?
How wide is this?
How tall is it?
How much is it?
What is the depth of this end table?
Thanks for your help. Goodbye
can you help me pick out a chair?
brown dining please
i love the one on the right how much is it
great can i see it from another angle please
i love it. please add to cart
thanks thats all for today
Hi there! I'm looking for a small end table, can you help me?
I'm not too picky about the style, but I do know I would like brown!
I'm interested in the second one. Can you show me a different angle, please?
Perfect! Do you know the dimensions of this piece?
That's really good to know. Does it happen to come in any other variations of colors or finishes?
It's nice, but I prefer the first one. Can you tell how much it costs?
That's perfect! Can you please add this to my cart?
Im in search of a island set
What are some of the colors the island set come in
Perfect i would like to request the gray ones
Perfect very nice what are the prices for them
Perfect i thank you very much for your help
Can you show me some kitchen islands
I am looking for either dark brown or white
Well I am looking for the blocker style Island
My limit is $980.00
is it in Brown or White
can you turn it sideways
can I see the top of it
Can I see the brown please
what is the price of the brown
Can you put it in my cart I think I will buy it.
Thank You for your help
Hello. I would like to buy a lounge chair or sitting chair for my bedroom
My bedroom is a multi color decor. Show me all that you have in stock.
Unfortunately, I do not see them on my end.
ok, please describe them one at a time.
I like that. It it  the  light brown one or the tan one?
What is the color of the fabric.  You mentioned light brown and tan as the options.
Ok, it sounds nice. place it in my cart. I have no limit on my budget.
No only the green one.  That color will fit perfectly.
You are welcome.  Have a happy holiday!
hi im interested in buying a island to to my kitchen could you help me find one?
i would like for it to have tile for the counter top and a spot for a dishwasher
i like it could you show me a different style also?
no  i still cant see the picture what are the prices on them
Hello, I would like to get a chair.
Yes, I want a brown color for the dining room.
I like the second one. Can I see it closer?
How much does it cost?
Can I see it from the top?
Thanks I will wait can you save it?
Thank you have a good day.
Hi I am looking to buy a sofa.
Yes, something black please.
Can I see the first one?
Can I see it from the back?
Can we go back and see the last one?
Can I get the dimensions?
Can I I know the materials they used to make it?
Its perfect! Plesse can you add it to my cart?
Thst will be all, I appreciate your time and patience.
Im looking fro a bookcase
no
Can you show me more?
Can you tell me more about the first one
yes
What is the price?
Perfect can you add this one to my cart
Hi, I am looking for a sofa
modern
The colors look beautiful, can i see the white one?
can you tell me what it is made of?
that is great, could you show me the sofa from the right?
Could you show me how it looks from the back?
Thank you, my last question is how much is this sofa?
Cool, add it to my cart.
Hello can you assist me in selecting a table
I need a kitchen table
something compact..possible collapsible sides.
a neutral color a light wood or maybe a white
How much is it
I think im going to come back when the catalog is working I appreciate your effort.
Hey there! I need to get a bookcase
black please
Something modern if you have that
Yes, the living room
the sky is the limit
That looks good. Do you have anything else that is modern?
That one looks good. How much is it?
Great! Add it to my cart
That's it! Thank you!
Hi can you show me some of your white area rugs you have in stock?
Sure let me see the ones you have in stock?
I like this one. Can you tell me the dimensions?
What is this made from?
How much does this cost?
Thank you. I would like to get 2 of these please.
I think that is all for now. Have a great day!
good day I am loooking for a bookcase, can you help
The kind does not matter but I am looking for something under 300 dollars
Can you tell me more about the one on the left, the grayish one?
yes do you have a price on this one?
do you know what style this bookcase is?
Does it come in any other colors?
Does it come in black?
No problem. I  like this one, I will add it to my cart. Thank you.
I am looking for a kitchen island.
Can I see the first one
I like it, Can I see it from the back?
Nice, What is the price?
Can, I see more black kitchen islands please?
Oh okay. No, Can I see the lockwood kitchen island again?
Can I see a closer look again?
I want to buy this Kitchen island.
Hi. I'm looking for a large brown table for my living room.
I'm looking for a coffee table.
Can you show one to me?
Is it a modern style?
How much does it cost?
Thanks for you help. I'm good for now. Maybe some other time.
No thanks. I was just browsing. Have a great day.
Hello there, I need help picking out an ottoman, can you help?
Something darker in color, I would like something with storage space as well.
Can you show me the view from the top please?
I like the size of this ottoman, but not sold on the look, do you have anything else?
Can I see another angle of the ottoman?
I think I like this one better, what is it made of?
Do you have the dimensions?
Okay, and what's the current price on the ottoman?
Wonderful, can you please add 2 my cart?
Thank you for all of your help, I appreciate it.
Hi. I am looking for a sofa. Can you please help?
Great thank you. I like the sofa in the middle and the one on the right side. Can you please tell me a little more about each of these?
Interesting! What are the dimensions of it?
What is the price?
Can you please tell me  alittle more about the other sofa?
What are the dimensions of it please?
What is the price?
I think I would like to buy the Alvarado Loveseat . Can you please add it to my cart?
Great . Thank you so much Have a great day
I am looking for a bookshelf
I would like it in gray
I like both. How much is the first one?
and how much is the second bookcase?
What is the size of the first bookshelf?
and how about the size of the second?
Add the second one to my cart for me.
Hi. I am looking for a new sofa.
Yes. I'm looking for something blue.
What about gray?
I really like the third one. Can I get a closer look?
I like it. Can I see a side view?
What material is it made of?
How much does it cos?
Great. I'll take it.
That's all. Thank you.
Hello, Can you help me find a table?
I am looking for a dinning room table
Do you have anything in red or green?
Yes. Lets try brown
This will go in my kitchen.
I would like an oval shape.
Yes. I love it. What material is it made from?
Great, what are the dimensions ?
That's wonderful. How much does it cost and what brand is it?
I didn't know it was Extendable ! Thanks for your help, please add it to my cart.
Yes . Thanks
I am looking for a chair
not certainly can you show me some
can you open the first one on the left
can i please have the top view
what is the material of this chair and name also?
nice and what are the dimensions of it?
what is the price of it?
Great can you please add 2 of these chair in my cart
Good afternoon, I am shopping for a table.
It is likely modern, in a dark brown color and mostly likely its for the living room.
I am sorry if I dont know exactly if its square or rect.
Wow, you are very close and I mean so close. Do you have another one similar to that?
Thats ok. I checked it out a little closer and I like that one. How much is it?
ok, thank you. Does it happen to say what type of wood it is?
oh wow, i would expect a higher price. I will take it. I could use this table for many rooms
Yes add to the cart and thank you for helping me today. Have a good evening.
Hi, can you help me find a sofa.
Im not sure just yet, can you show me some gray sofas?
I would like something that looks soft and fits three people.
ok lets try brown.
Ok, I will take that  two seat gray sofa you showed me before. Can you give me the dimensions please?
Ok and how much is it? I think i will take it.
You have been a great help, thank you so much. Have a great night.
I am looking for a new accent chair today, something in black.
COuld I see a better view of the middle one?
Can I see it from the side?
I like this, how much is it?
I'd like to add 2 of these to my cart.
I don't think so, you have been truly wonderful.
Hi, I'd like to browse some tables.
My mom said she bought her coffee table from you...it's square and dark in color.
It's not any of those, this one is plain and has one shelf.
No, it's totally square and black, I think.
It's not any of those, do you have any others?
Can I see the one in the middle?
Thanks, that's exactly what I'm looking for.
I'm changing my Kitchen decor, and need expert advice on selecting the best possible island to fit my budget of  6K. I'll require help selecting two Islands, I have an upstairs and down stairs kitchen. Can you help?
For the down-stairs kitchen, The Island to the far left (black with/chairs will flow perfect with that kitchen's decor. How does it measure, for the best possible placement?
Again, I like the black Island, far left.
Can you show me another group of Islands for my upstairs kitchen please?
Hello I am looking for a round coffee table
Either white or a light gray.
That is exactly what I am looking for! Can you tell me the dimensions?
Adn what is the price?
Please add this to my cart.
No that is all thank you.
Hello, can I see some sofas?
Do you have something in white?
Can you show me the first one up close?
How much does this cost?
Ok, this is expensive, I don't think i'll buy it
Yes, can you show me the second one?
How big is it and how much does it cost?
Can you remember this product for me?
Ok, that's all, thanks!
Hello, I am shopping for a rectangular, black coffee table.
Yes, the first one. Can I see it up close please.
How much is this coffee table?
Can I see the side view please.
Thank you.  How long is this table?
Perfect, I will take it.  Please put it in my cart.
Hi. I'm looking for an island for my kitchen.
I would like a traditional style island with shelves.
I'm not able to view it. What color is that one?
Thanks. No problem. Do you any other colors in modern styles?
I like the brown one. How much does it cost?
I'm good for now. Maybe I'll buy it some other time. Thanks for your help.
Thanks. Have a great day.
Hi there, I'm looking for a unique coffee table, can you help me?
I'm looking for something white and rectangular.
Can you show me another angle, please?
Do you happen to know the dimensions?
Great. Does it come in any other color variations or finishes?
How much does it cost?
Can you add it to my favorites for later, please?
I am looking for an ottoman.
Black.
Could I see more?
What are the materials
What are the dimensions?
What is the price?
Add it to my favorites.
No that is it.  Thank you
Hi I am interested at looking at some accent chairs.
Blue or Red possibly just not sure yet.
More of a traditional I think
Yes I would like to put 2 of them in my office can you show men more i am not opposed to having 2 different ones.
Yes I would like to stay under $500.
I like it. can you please put them in my cart while I am deciding on them?
That is good I like that color of blue.
Hello, Id like to look at some armchairs
Im looking for something black, with arms
I really like the one in the middle, can I see it up close please?
This is the one! Can you tell me about the dimensions
Nice, this chair should fit nicely in my space. Can I see this chair from the side?
Any info on the fabric material?
No problem, what is the price?
Kind of pricey! That's ok. please this chair to my list for later. I need to think this over
Thank you, good day.
Hello! I want to look at some small ottoman
I have no style in mind, but color is white!
I have an unlimited budget
Can I take a closer look at the one on the right?
Nice I like it. Can you turn it to side-view?
Nice, what about dimensions?
What material is it made of?
What about price?
nice, I want to take it! can I get free delivery?
Thank you for all the information. That is all I need for now and Merry Christmas to you!
Hi, can you help me buy an island?
Do you have it in red?
What colors do you have?
I would like to see the dark espresso one please.
I like it. Can you please show me the back side?
Are stools included in the purchase?
Sweet. What is it's price?
Not bad. I'll take it. Thanks for all the help.
Hello. I am looking for a bookcase.
Well I am not 100% set on a color but I know dark, like black or brown.
Oh yes. I really like that first one. Can you show it from the top?
Yes it is perfect for what I need. Can you give me the dimensions?
Does it come in a dark brown color, as well?
Oh wow that is perfect then. Can you please add two of those to my cart?
Thank you so much for all your help.
Can you show me some of your dining tables?
Do you have any in waknut?
Contemporary please
Yes, that works.
I'd like to stick below $600 if possible. '
Hi, i'm looking for a table.
I'd like to see the cocktail tables.
I'd like a closer look at the middle one.
I like this one! tell me more about it.
How much does it cost?
Add that to my cart.
Hello, I am looking to purchase a chair
accent chair
Black or brown color
Can I see the middle one closer
Can I see a different angle
I like it. Can I have the details, dimension and price
Can You add it to my cart please
No, that's all for now. Thank you for your help
Can you help me find a dark brown or black round end table?
I am looking for something smaller.
Yes that is the right size but can I see brown options instead?
Can I see the middle one closer please?
This is it. Can you add this to my cart?
Thank you for all your help.
Hello! Can you help me find a couch?
How much is the black one?
What kind of couch is it?
Can I see the back of the couch?
Thank you! What material is this made made from?
Got it - do you know if this is this meant for the living room?
Okay that's great! Can you please add this to my cart?
Thanks so much!
Hello, I'm looking for a Bookcase, can you help me?
Can I take a closer look to the one one the right?
Great! What are the dimensions of it?
Ok, is this the biggest one you have?
Wow! Can I see a side view of this one?
That's nice! Do you know what it is made of?
That sounds pretty good! Can I see the back side of it?
Can you tell me how much it is?
Ok great! I'll take it!
I would like to see some white coffee tables.
I  am looking for a rectangular table with shelves.
Can you please show me the middle one up close?
Can you give me the dimensions, please?
That will fit fine. What style is this considered?
What is the price?
This is exactly what I was looking for. Please put that in my cart, please.
Hello, I'm looking for a chair for my living room.
I'd love something dramatic and eye catching.  Do you have anything in red?
I like this one. What are the dimensions?
Thanks, how much does it cost?
Thanks. Can you show me what else you have/.
I don't like any of these. Can you show me others?
I like the middle one but would like to see what else you have please.
The one to the right looks perfect. Can you tell me more about it?
That sounds really pretty.  Is it a chaise lounge? May I see it closer please?
I like it. Please add it to my cart.  That will be all, thanks for your help today!
Hi, I want to see an ottoman.
A medium size ottoman that is black would be great.
Circle would be good.
I don't mind a gray one.
Could I see it from the top
Thank you, add it to my cart please.
Hi, i am looking for an island?
I need something traditional that will fit with the furniture
They are in light melon color
can  you give some more details?
What is the size?
Or, i need smaller size, please
that looks fancy, what is the cost
Great, please add it to my cart'
That is enough for today. Thank you very much!
Hi!  I'm shopping for a kitchen island.
Yes, I would like a red traditional or farmhouse style.
Yes, I like the first one. What is it made of?
Great! What is the price?
Perfect! Can you please add it to my cart?  I am going to purchase this.
Thank you for your help!  That is all for now.
Hello! I want to look at some bookcase
Brown color please
Can I take a closer look at the one on the right?
What material is it made of?
Can I get Dimensions, please?
What about price?
Ok, Can I get free delivery / shipping, please?
Thank you for all the information. That is all I need for now and Merry Christmas to you!
Can you help me find a small brown end table?
Are these your smallest options?
The last options may be it can I see it closer?
This is it. Can I have the measurements?
Can I see another view? Top or bottom?
I love this. Can you add this to my cart please?
No, that's all. You have been great. Thank you.
Hello, can you help me find an ottoman?
Yes, I'm looking for either a white or beige color with for wooden legs
Can you show me the one in the middle?
What can you tell me about this one?
How much is it?
Great! Can you add it to my cart?
That is all. Thank you.
Hello. I am looking for a kitchen island today.
I am not sure what the style would be called but I need it to be brown.
It really doesn't matter as long as I like it. Can you show me some options?
Sorry I do not like either of those. Looking for something a little simpler in brown.
Hmmm no I am set on brown. Maybe i could use another style of furniture as an island. Do you have any entry tables?
Do you have any examples you can show me?
Those are the right color. I am looking for something a little taller and longer.
I am sorry I never said I wanted an end table. I asked for an island or maybe another type of table I can use as an island.
No Thanks. Looks like you do not have what I am looking for. Thanks anyways.
hello i am looking for a kitchen island
contemporary
i like the second one
what else can you tell me about it
what are the dimensions
and how much does it cost?
i will take it can you add it to my cart please
Can you help me locate a kitchen island?
I'm looking for something move able, do you have those?
Those aren't that bad but do you have any others?
I like those, can I see the middle one close up?
What are the dimensions and cost?
OK and can I now get a closer look at the one that was on the right?
And can you give me some details about it as well as the dimensions and cost?
Now are those drawers underneath for storage or like a drying rack?
OK I think I'm gonna go with the first one. Can youu put it in my cart?
Thank you for your assistance today. You have a wonderful rest of the day and Happy Holidays to you.
I want to look for some tables.
Oh so sorry I mean I want to look for a sofa.
i am looking for a black sofa.
Can I see a close up of the middle one?
What is the dimenions on it?
What is the price?
Can I see another view of it? The top perhaps.
Thanks, put this in my shopping cart?
Thanks. Have a nice day.
Hello,  I am looking to buy an ottoman.
Can I please see more option?
Nice, I like the first one, how much is it?
Ok, I would like to get it
Thank you very much for your assistant.
Hello, can you help me find a white chair please
A dining room chair
Can you tell me more about this chair please
Sounds great, what are the dimensions of this chair?
How much is this chair?
Okay,I'll take the chair
Thank you
Hi. I'm looking for a modern style and comfortable chair for my office.
Yes. I would prefer a light grey color please.
Do you have other chair options?
Sure. I can check out some accent chairs.
Those are nice chairs but it's not what I'm looking for. I'm sorry but I won't be making a purchase.
No problem. Thank you.
I am searching for a kitchen island.
No, I'm just browsing.
I dont really like them.
Do you have any others?
May I see the first one.
Can you tell me about it?
What is the price?
Can you save it for me?
No, that is all I needed.
can you help me pick out a carpet?
brown and a round one
that does look nice. can i have the measurements
how much does it cost?
not bad can you show it from another angle?
thanks please add it to my cart
Hello! I am shopping for a nice chair. Can you help?
A nice accent chair.  Blue in color preferably.
I don't think that chair would match my style.  Sorry! Do you have any other options?
Yes, how about gray?  I would like something oversized with some comfortable pillows.
I love it! Can you tell me a little more about this chair?
That's great. How much does it cost?
Awesome!  I want it.  Can you add this item to my shopping cart?  Thank you for your assistance today. You've been a great help.
Show me some sofas, please.
I like that one.
How much for this couch?
DO you know what material it is made from?
And what are the measurements?
I think that's big enough. What else can you tell me about this sofa?
That's Great. Is black the only available color?
That's fine, black will work. Add it to my cart.
Thanks for your help.
Hello, I would love a kitchen island.  Can you show me what you have in stock?
I like the one to the right, but would like to keep browsing for now.. What else do you have?
Can I see more styles please?
May I see the one to the right in closer detail please?
Thanks! What is it made of?
I like it, can you remember it for me as well as the other one I liked?
Can you help me find a bookcase?
Not really. Can you show me some options?
Those are okay. Can you show me more options?
Can you tell me about the middle one?
How tall is it?
So how much is it?
Great. Can you add it to my cart?
Hello. I really need your help.
I am looking for a moderate priced sofa or chair for my game room.
Something dark colored, that doesn't get dirty easily.
I like the first two. What are the dimensions of the second black couch?
Before I get into the details of that sofa. Do they have any sofas are chair that are Red or Purple?
Okay I this one. How much is it?
What material is it made from?
Okay. This is the one I will purchase, add it to my cart please.
Yes. That will be all. Thank you
I am looking to buy a nightstand in brown.
Can I please the the first one?
Can you please show me the side view?
Can I see the back?
What are the dimensions?
What material is this made of?
I was wondering what type of wood. I would like you to place this in my cart.
Thank you for all your help!  Have a great day!
I'm shopping for coffee table
Show me any color you have
Tell me more about the first one
What are the price for Treece table?
I would like to buy it
Thank you
Can you help me find a new end table?
Something simple
Those are nice, do you have anything in white?
What are the dimensions of that one?
What material is it made of?
That sounds perfect! What is the price of it?
Yes please, it is perfect! Thank you
Hi, I'm looking for a sofa
Sure, can I see the middle one up close?
Nice. What's the dimensions of it?
Pretty good size. I want to see another one.
Can I see the last one up close?
I like this too. I think I'm going to keep looking for now. Thanks so much for your help.
can you help me pick out a kitchen island?
black is nice
great how much does it cost?
thanks do you have any others i can see?
how much does the one in the middle cost?
that is all for today thank you
i'm looking for a table
I'm looking for a small coffee table
Those are nice. Do you have something a little different?
I'm looking for something brown
Ok, That's fine. Could I see the one on the right?
How much is it?
That seems like a good price! Could I see the top?
That's great! I think I'll take this one
No Thank you! Thank you so much for you're help today, have a great day!
Hi, I am searching for a table.
Can I see the black dining tables you have?
Great, can I get a closer view of the one on the right?
What are the features of this table?
How much is it?
Whats the table material made up from?
I will take it.
This will be it for it now. Thank you
Hi! Will you please help me find a bookcase?
I want something with about three shelves. Not too tall.
Can you send again? I do not seem to see it.
This is beautiful. What is the price?
Great price. Can I see a side view? It looks like it has some detail.
I like it. Can you tell me what material this bookcase is made of?
Please add this to my cart. Thank you for your help today.
Can you help me find a bookshelf?
I'm thinking something black.
I like the one in the middle. Can I get a closer look at that one please?
Nice!  Could I please get  side view?
How tall is that one?
That's perfect! How much is it?
Sweet!  Can you add it to my cart please?
No thank you.  You have been very helpful, have a good day!
I'm shopping for bookcase
Brown color
What are the price of this one ?
Tell me more about it
Nice, I would like to buy it
Thank you
Hello, I'm looking for islands
I'd like it in red please
I like the one at the right
Oh, thank you, can you show it from the above please?
Can you tell me its size please?
Great, and how much is it?
is there any available to buy?
Yes, add it to my cart please!
no, thank you!
thank you and so do you!
Hello,  i am looking for 10 chairs for the kitchen
Some thing minimalist and traditional please
Can you give more details on it
How much does it costs?
DO you have other options as well?
Great, in which color they come?
That what I was looking for. Please add 10 like this to my cart.
What type of black and white area rugs do you have in stock?
I like the last one
The right, the one with stripes
Now that I see it close up, I like it less. You have anything similar?
You have anytihng in black and white with a stripe like pattern on it?
Perfect! What can you tell me about it?
What is the price?
h, that's a great price, I'll take it!
Many thanks. Enjoy your holidays.
Can you show me end tables?
Can you show me a couple more?
Do you have any more with shelves underneath?
Ok, I think, that is all for now.  Thanks for your helpl.
Hi, can you show me some chairs?
Show me some white chairs.
How much are they?
Okay, do you have any gray chairs?
How much is this one?
okay, im still not sure what chair to get. will you save them for me so i can decide later?
no thank you. thanks for all the help.
I love it, i think i will buy this one. thanks so much.
Hi, i would like to look at some tables.
i would like to look at some coffee tables, please.
I would like something rustic.
Can you tell me more about the second one?
Sounds nice. Can you turn it around for me?
How much does it cost?
Ok, i'd like to buy the pair.
No, i'm all set for now. Thank you!
Hi there, I need help finding an ottoman, can you please help me?
Something lighter in color please.
Can I see the middle one please?
Can i please see a side view?
Can I please get the dimensions?
Thank you for that, what is the current price?
Can you please add two to my cart, I love it.
That would be all, thank you so much for your time and patience. Have a great day.
Hi. Can you help me find an accent chair?
I'm looking for a brown one with open armrest.
Can I get a closer look at the one on the right?
What is it made of?
I hope it's not too expensive.
That's not too bad. Please add it to my cart.
That is all. Have a good day.
I am shopping for an ottoman for my living room.  Do you have anything that I might like?
I do like them. But they are not quite what I had in mind. Can you show me more of your medium beige to light colored ottomans?
Maybe the last one. Can you show me another view of this one? And a little more information please?
Maybe.  I do like it. Can you tell me the dimensions of it please?
How much is it?
I will take it.  Can you add that to my cart please?
No.  Thank you.  You have been very helpful!
Hello, can you help me find an accent chair?
A dark color probably with a design on it.
What do you have similar but gray as the main color?
I like the middle one. Can I see a closer look please?
Can you show me a side view?
Thank you, what are the dimensions?
Thank you. How much is this chair?
Not too bad. Can you add this item to my cart? I would like to purchase this.
Thank you for your help! You have been of great assistance. Have a good one!
I'd like to look at a table lamp please.
Milky gray is what I had in mind. Do you have something either white or gray?
Tell me about the small one please.
So how much does it cost?
Interesting. Put it in my cart please.
That'll be all for now. Thank you.
Hello, could you help me find a kitchen island?
I am looking for something in black.
Can I have a closer look at the one on the left?
I really like this one. What material is it made of?
Can you tell me how big this island is?
How much does this island cost?
I would like to purchase this item. Please add it to my cart.
No thanks, that is all that I need for now. Thank you for your help.
Hello. Do you sell any ottomans? I'm shopping for one that has some sort designs so it will stand out in my living room.
A cube style.
I'm sorry, but I don't see any on my screen? Seems to be a technical error.
I don't want a solid color. I want some kind of design.
What are the colors?
What other designed ones are available?
My couch is black.
What designs?
I don't know. I'll just check back later when the technical issue is resolved. Thank you anyways.
hello i need a chair can you help
living rom
i like the middle one can you tell me about it
what the measurements for it
what does it cost
i will take it thank you so much for your help
Could you please see if you sell ottomans?
How about black and brown multi-colored in a cloth like material?
Unfortunately, I can't see it because all I have is a black screen.  So, can you tell me what it looks like?
Wow!  That sounds nice! Can you tell me it's dimensions?
Are those the dimensions in Inches or metric?
That is what IO thought.  I am not too crazy about stripes. Do you have any other patterns?
That's sounds nice  Can I see it?  Have a nice day!
Hello there, I need help choosing a white table.
A dining table please.
Can I see the one on right please?
Can I see the top view please?
What are the dimensions please?
Thank you for that, can I please have the price?
No, I think I will hold off on my table search. Thank you for your time.
Hello there, I need help finding a kitchen island.
No style preference,  I'm needing something with seats.
No more than 1500.00 please.
I like it, can I please see a side view?
Hmm, how about a view from the back please?
Thank you for that, what is this island made of?
Wow sounds and looks beautiful. What are the dimensions please?
What is the current price?
Can you please add it to my cart for me?
Thanks for all of your help.  I appreciate it.
Hi, I am looking for a sofa. Can you help me?
Just browsing. What else do you have?
Can you show me a closer look at the one on the far right?
Thank you. What are the dimensions?
Sure, can I see the right side?
Thank you. Can I see the back view now?
Looks comfy. What is the price?
Yes, it does. I think I will go with this one for sure. Can you add this to my cart?
I'm looking for a small sofa
Grey please
I like the one on the right
Great. How about the side view?
What material is it made of?
Awesome. Do you have the dimensions?
Thanks. How much does it cost?
Perfect. I'll take one!
i would like to buy some new chairs for my kitchen could you help me ?
I'm interested in looking at  some oak  wood chairs
could you show me a few more like them
I really like the third one can you tell me how much it cost?
thats it
Great will you add it to my cart and ake me to check out ?
Thats all thank you
Hi, I need help finding a kitchen island.
I'm interested in a dark colored one.
I need a large one for storage.
Either is fine.
I like this one. Can I view it from another angle?
Can you save it to my favorites list for later? I need time to think about it.
No that's all for today. Have a good night.
Hi. I am looking for a desk lamp. Can you please help?
I am looking for a white colored one please
Thank you. This one is nice, however, I am looking for one that looks more like a lantern. Do you have it available/
Great thank you. I really like the third option you have listed. Can you please tell me more about it?
No worries! What is the price of it please?
Not bad ! I will take one please. Can you please add it to my cart?
That is all thank you so much for your help! Have a great day!
Hello, I need a book case from your store
No I Don't have any style in mind but i love something black
I think i love the one in the center. Can you give me a better view of it?
Thanks for your assistance. Can i see the side view?
How much does it cost please and also show me the back view
Please add to my cart and thanks for your assistance
I'm looking for a decorative ball.
The one I saw online was a light grey color.
I think this is modern?
It probably goes in the living room.
No, the decorative ball I'm searching for is specific.
Yes, what is that?
Okay, I will buy it. Thanks.
No, I'm good,
hi! I'm looking for a new bookcase
I am open to the design.  I do like the last one. Do you have any other options?
i really like the one on the end. can you tell me more about the construction?
can you tell me the dimensions?
does it come in any other colors
Can you show me the side of this one?
great i'll take it can you add it to my cart please
thanks so much
Hi, I'm looking for a new dining table, can you assist me?
I would prefer black. Easier to keep clean
I like the middle one, can I see it more up close?
What are the dimensions on this table?
And the price?
Let's ad this to my cart
No, you have been wonerful
You also.
Very welcome
No, you've been wonderful
Looking for a sofa?
A blue one.
One with pillows medium if that;s available.
How much is it?
Let me see it from another angle?
Okay i'll take it.
Hello, I'm looking for a sofa
I would like to see a selection
I like the one on the left
Great! How much is it?
That's great! Could I see the top view?
Thanks! Could you add it to my cart?
That will be all, thanks for your help!
Hi can you show me some tables
I need and end table and coffee table
something on the light side
I like the middle one can we look at that one close
can I see it from the top please
how much is this one
Can you please add 2 of them to my cart
Not right now...I love my end tables.  Have a great day!
Hi I need help looking for an end table.
I'm looking for a grey one.
Do you have more options?
I still haven't find the one that I'm looking for.
I can see the one on the right
The one I requested on the right doesn't look like what I'm looking for. I'm sorry I might have to go to another store.
That's the one. How much is it?
Perfect! Please add it to my cart.
Can I see the selection of kitchen islands you have in stock.
Do you have any lighter colors?
Can I see that last one up close?
What can you tell me about this island?
How much does it cost?
And the dimensions?
Can you put two in my shopping cart please.
No, thank you.
Hi, I want a chair.
Any.
Accent chair, please.
Can you show me in light colors?
Is that it or you have more?
Show me the middle chair please.
i like it. Add it to my cart please.
No, I'm good. Thanks for the help.
Hello i am looking for a sofa, black.
yes black, rustic
Thanks, can i see the one in the middle?
thats ok, what about the one on the left?
nice can i see the back
thanks, can i see the left
i like this one, but can i see a different one
thanks, this is cute, an i see the back?
and how much is this one?
can we see the other one the grandville sofa?
how much was this one?
thanks, i will take this one
thanks, for your help. that is all for now
Hello, I want to get a rug?
I can't see well is there a rectangle one with a pattern and colors red, green, and beige?
yes the last one.
How much does it cost?
That is a good price. Add it to my cart please.
Yes, thanks have a good day.
Hi i'm looking for a bookcase. Can you show me some please?
Could I take a closer look at the tall one on the left please?
Not bad. is that brown? what is it made out of?
okay. Could I see it from a side view please?
Could you give me it's dimensions please?
Okay, and how much does it cost?
Okay could you just go ahead and add that to my cart and that will be all the assistance ill be needing for today thank you have a GOOD DAY
Show me some kitchen islands.
Black if there's any available.
No
Not exactly. I'm just browsing for the most part.
This one is really nice. Are those chairs I see?
What's the dimension's? This look like a pretty high island.
That's perfect. Can you save this for me?
That'll be all for today. Thank you.
Hello: Today I would like to buy an area rug.
I am looking for perhaps reds and blues.
It is for the living room.
That is fine, price range between $500-$700.
That looks interesting, can you enlarge it?
This view is good, what are the dimensions please.
Also, what materials is the area rug made of and what does it cost?
Great and what does it cost?
Perfect, I'll take it,please add it to my cart, have a good day.
Hello, I'm looking for a couch
Yes, I'm looking for a green couch.
Yes, what is the price of the second couch?
How much is the third couch that was on the screen?
This couch is more my style. What is the material?
Great! I would like to purchase this couch.
Yes, please. Thank you very much.
I am looking for a kitchen island.
I would like to see natural wood ones.
Yes, can I see the middle one?
Can you show me the top>
What are the dimensions?
It does, can you tell me the price?
I will take it.
Thank  you for your wonderful help.
Hi, I'm looking for a sofa.
No color preference. Just a large one.
I like this! What are the dimensions?
Pretty good size! How much is it?
Its well within my budget as I was looking to spend no more than $1000. What is it made of?
I see. I will take it! Thanks for your help.
Hello, do you have ottomans?
I'd like to find a black one.
I can't afford anymore than $400.
Can I have a better look at the one in the middle?
Nice, what's the price on this one?
I think I'd like to see a few others, if you don't mind showing me.
Can you show the third one up close?
Okay, and what's the price on it?
And how wide is it?
I am looking for a bookcase.
Yes, what do you have along the lines of maybe a brown wooden bookcase?
I like this one. Can you show me one more as well?
I like the third bookcase. Can you turn it to the side view?
Cool, I like this one and would like to buy it. Thank you!
I would like to see some dining chair options.
Do you have any gray options?
Can I get a closer look at the one on the right?
How much?
Could I get a side view?
Almost sold. What are the dimensions?
Could I see that gray one that was on the left real quick?
And how much is this one?
Okay. Please add four of the other one to my cart.
That is it! Thank you!
hi can you help me find an island
can you show me some more please
do you have any more in white of a simple style
hmmm do you have any in  black
May I see it from the back
what are the dimensions of this one
can you please add it to my cart
thanks and have a good night
Hi! I am shopping for a kitchen island. Can you help?
I like the one in the middle, Can I see it closer?
I like it. What is the material used on it?
What are the dimensions?
I like the top view, Can you show me a side view also?
How much does it cost?
Is it on wheels? I think I see wheels on it.
I love it! I will like to buy it, please add it to my cart.
Thank you for all your help! That will be all
I need a sofa to put it in my living room.
I don't like any of these. can you show me more?
Can you please show me the middle one?
Let me see it closer please.
I love it. What is the cost?
I would like to see it from the top if you don't mind.
I like it very much. I'm gonna take it home.
Hello I am looking for a bookcase.
Brown please.
Do you have any bookcase in cube shape.
Can you give me the details.
Ok, no problem. Can you share the dimensions or price.
Can you give me the price details.
Thank You for your help. Have a good day.Merry Christmas.
Hi there! I need help finding an ottoman with storage, please?
I'm open. Storage space is more important.
How wide is it?
What is the price?
I love the look, but I think it might be too big. Do you have any smaller storage ottomans?
I'm sorry, I really don't like that pattern. Do you have anything else?
The first one is so cute! Can I see it?
How much is it?
I'll take it! Thanks for your help! Please add it to my cart.
I'm needing an ottoman.
Anything darker is fine.
I like the one on the right. Can I see that one?
Do you know what it's made from?
How much does this cost?
Would you add it to my cart please? That will be all.
Show me some kitchen islands please.
Yeah, black will do nicely
Tell me more about the second one.
Interesting. How much does it cost?
Sounds good. Put it in my cart for now.
No, that'll be all for now. Thanks once again.
Hi, can you help me find dining table?
well, I need a big table...I have a large family.
I like the size of the last one... but do you have black?
Ooh I like that!  yes please... what are the dimensions?
You got yourself a sale!  I'll take it
great!  thank you for your help!
Hi can you help me find an ottoman?
I am just browsing options.
can you show me some more?
i like the middle one, an you tell me about it?
How much is it?
great, ill take it.
Thanks for the help.
Hi. I'm looking for a coffee table.
Preferably white.
I like that! It's fun. Can you tell me what it's made of?
No problem. Do you know the dimensions?
Great! How much is it?
This one is out of my price range. Can I look at another under $300?
Much better in price. Thank you. What can you tell me about what it's made of?
What are the dimensions?
Can you add this to my cart please?
Thank you. Have a good day.
I'm looking for rustic kitchen islands
Can I see a side angle?
Thanks. What is this made out of it?
Can I see the top?
Thanks. Do you know how tall and wide this is?
How much is it?
Can I see the front?
I think I will save this for later. Can you remember it for me?
I am looking  for a new table lamp, can you help me?
These are nice but I am looking for a lighter color.
Those are closer, but I am still looking for something a little different.  I saw it at a friends house.
That still isn't quite right,  it looks a lot like a desk lamp maybe
Can I see the first one a little closer?
Yes, I think this is it. Can you tell me the price?
Great, can you add it to my cart please?
Thank you!
I am looking for a kitchen island, please.
What colors do you have available?
I would like to a brown color.
Do you happen to have available the dimensions?
The brown one, please.
How much does that one cost?
I would like to buy that one.  Please place it in my cart.
Thank you. Have a great day!
Hi, would you help me find a kitchen island?
Do you have anything in gray?
May I take a closer look at the one on the right?
What material is it made from?
Ok, thank you. What are the dimensions?
That will fit nicely, the price?
Would you mind saving it to my favorites. i would like to run it by my spouse. Thank you!
Hello, can you please help me find an accent chair?
This is nice. I think I'd prefer a darker color. Do you have anything in brown?
May I see the one on the left in closer detail?
I'm looking for something similar but I's like the arms to be attached to the chair.  Do you have anything like that?
I like it a lot. How much does it cost?
OK great. May I see it from a different angle?
This fine. thanks!  What are the dimensions?
Thank you.  Can you please add it to my cart?  That will be all for today. Thanks for your help!
Hello, can I get a chair?
I want a black one.
Sorry, I cannot see anything.
I like the middle one. Tel me about it.
I want you to tell me about it.
What material is it made of?
Okay and how much is it?
Not bad I will take 2 please add to my cart.
No thank you! Good day
Could you help me find a sofa? I am browsing.
I do not want to go over $2500
No, we are just browsing.
I like the one in the middle. But my wife is saying to show us a few more.
We like the one with the high back. Can we get a closer look?
Interesting! how tall and wide is this?
Nice, she wants this one added to the favorites.   Can you show me the other one  in the middle on the first page?
May I see this one underneath? Also what is the price of this one?
We will take this one for now.  Thanks for your help.
Hello.  I am shopping for a new chair today
I would like to look at your accent chairs
I like the one in the middle. Can you tell me more about it
Thank you.  Can I see it up close?
Thank you very much!  I really like the swivel option. Could you give me the price?
Thank you.  Would you mind showing me the chair from the side/
I do like this one but I'd like to take some time to think about it before making a large purchase.  Could you save as a favorite for me?
You've been so helpful.  Thank you so much!  Have a great weekend!
Hi can you help me with a table
Something neutral that will go with any color in the room.
No im sorry im looking for an end table
I like that one on the left, can you tell me bout that one
Is that a natural finish or painted?
how big is it?
Thank you for your time, but Im going to keep looking .
Hi, i am looking for a chair
I need brown chair
I need dining chair made from wood and without arms
Tell me more about this?
And what is the price?
Please add it to my cart
Hello, I am looking for an ottoman. Can you help me?
No, I haven't decided yet. I would like to see the different colors.
I think I would like to see more,please
Can I see the third one up close?
How much is that one?
Wonderful, Can you add that to my cart?
Hello, I am in need of a table.
Thank you. I need a dining room table.
I am looking for something that is round. Do you have any of those?
Is this the only color that you have?
I think that black will work for me. How much is it?
That is a good price. Can you please tell me what type of material it is made from?
Wonderful, can you please add it to my cart.
Thank you for all of your help?
Hi can you show me an ottoman?
I don't like any of those, can I see some others?
Can I see the last one please?
How much is that one?
Do you have any ones for cheaper?
What is it made of?
Okay and what is the cost?
Okay, can you add it to my cart?
Hi can you help me find a set of black chairs?
I believe they were dining chairs.
Black
Yes the set on the right can I get a closer look?
Can I see it from the side?
Great how much and does this come as a set?
Awesome can you add this to my cart please?
That will do it for me, thank you for all your help.
Hi I need some help selecting a few chairs for my new place
I actually need chairs for my dining room table and for a little kitchen table we have
for the dining room something more formal maybe cloth covered
Something neutral, No Red or Orange.
Great Thank you
Im not sure on those yet can we focus on what you can show me with the Dining room chairs first.
Definitely something comfortable I like to have dinner parties.
Im sorry it appears your catalog is not sending pictures Ill will try again at another time Thank you
Hello, I am looking for an end table.  Can you help me with that?
My screen is down.  Does any of them come in brown?
I'm looking for one with curved legs.  Would you happen to have one like that?
I can't view them. Are any of them round?
Great!  What are the dimensions of that table?
That's a very good size.  Can you place it on hold until my screen is up?  I'll get back with you later.
No. Thank you.  You have been very helpful.  Have a great day!
show me lamps
sorry.i cannot view the images
How about price
middle one
dimensions please
Can you show me closer view
please add it to my cart
Thank you
I'm shopping for a kitchen island
Can I see that one on the right? What is it made of?
How much is it?
Yes it is. But I'd like to see a few more before I decide.
Can you enlarge the middle for me? What is the height of this one?
Perfect height. Is the countertop solid wood?
No I don't have any color preference at all. How much is this?
Add this to my cart! Thanks for your help.
I need a chair.
A living room chair
I like the 3rd, can I see it close?
Do you have any others like this in a light color?
I like that. Can I see it from the side?
Can you tell me the dimensions?
Perfect, I will take it.
I'd like to see some tables please.
Yeah, dining tables would be nice.
You can give me either black or brown please.
I like the second one. Tell me more about it.
Yeah, that'll be nice.
Thank you. Tell me the dimensions of this table.
Okay, that's good to know. What's the price of this table?
Interesting. Put it in my list for now. When the time comes, I'll look at it later.
No. That'll be all.
Hi, I'm looking for an accent table, can you help?
Black please
Modern
The great room is where this piece would go.
Below $500
Yes, let me have a view from the top
Good, how about from the the side?
How much will this cost?
Perfect. I'll take it.
No, that was all. Thank you!
Hello, I am looking for a ottoman.
I am in a budget plan so, I will go with in $100
Can you show me the small and cute looking ottoman that is white and round.
Can you give me the details.
Nice. I like it. Can you give me the dimensions. and price please.
Oh good. thank you for your assistance. Can you add this to my cart.
I am good. Have a good day.
Hi can you help me select an end tabe
Something dark brown
Something very basic...
Im sorry I dont seem to be able to see your pictures. Can you describe it to me
no Im sorry I will have to come back another time
Show me dining chairs
Yes,Brown color
This is the one i am looking for.What is the price
Can you share dimensions
Please add it to my cart
I am good for today.Have a nice day
HI! I am searching for a dining table today. I want a thin, circular top and on the bottom are three legs somewhat in a shape of  a cross.
That one is too old fashioned. I would like something more modern, with a thinner table top.
I like the one in the middle. Can you show me that one from the side please.
I really like that one. What are the dimensions please?
Very nice. Can I see it from the top please?
I do like that a lot. Can you tell me the price please?
That is a good price. What exact color is this please?
Would you mind adding this to my cart please?
No, you have been amazing today! Thank you so much!
Can you help me select the perfect Bookcase for my nephew, he' graduating college this summer.
Color isn't of great importance. I do however, need something with a touch of sophistication. Thanks!
The one I like, is to the far left . What can you tell me about it? I will also need the measurements.
Great! It's perfect. My nephew is an avid reader with an ever growing book collection. What's the price like?
Can you guys have it ready for pick up today?
Excellent!! You can go ahead and it to my cart. Thanks!
No, I think I'm good for now. Thanks for all of your help with pointing me to this amazing Bookcase. Have a great rest of your day!
I'd like to look at some area rugs.
I'm thinking something gray.
That one is nice, but I was hoping for something gray with a floral like design.
Can you tell me how much is costs?
That's a good price, what material is it?
You've been a great help, it is exactly what I'm looking for.
My family wants a new bookcase for our home library. Do you have any?
We were looking for something rustic or traditional.
Wow! What does the side look like?
It's nice, but not exactly what we were looking for. Can we see another bookcase?
How much is this one?
Perfect, I'd like to buy this one, thanks.
Hello. I need help with a bookcase for my livingroom.
Thank You! Sadly, I didn't receive your options.
Thank you! They are viewable now.
Sure thing. May I have details on the bookcase at the end?
Great! Are you able to show me views of the side and back
Perfect.
Thank You. Although I didn't receive the back i think this is perfect.
Thank you. Can I have you add this to my cart?
Hello.  I am searching for a bookcase today
I'd like to see your regular bookcases
These are ok.  But I would like to see something a bit more traditional with an open back
Can I see the last one closer
What are the dimensions on this one?
This will be perfect. What is the price?
Great.  I will take two of them.
That is all for today. Thank you for your help. Have a nice day!
Hello, I am shopping for an office chair.
I am looking for a chair that rollls and has a high back for support.  I would like to be in leather.
Yes, that is what I'm looking for.  Does it turn all the way around also?
That's okay.  What are the measurements?
What is the price?
Okay thanks, I'll think about it.
Yes, what colors does it come in?
Okay thanks, I will consider it.  Can you please save it to my cart?
Hello, I need some bookcase
Let me see the third one, please.
Can I see it from the left side?
Ok, let me see the right side, please?
That is all for now, thank you!
can you help me pick out an ottoman?
black please
no
50-50000
looks good whats the price
great thats all today thx
Hello, I am looking for a side table
Hoping to find something under 1000
Would you have anything white or beige
That one is perfect, Could I see another angle of it?
Yeah, I think that would be the best one for me. How much is it?
I love it, can you please add this to my cart?
That is it. Have a great day!
Hello I am looking for a new coffee table.
I am looking for more of a modern style white table.
Can I get a better look at that middle one?
This is very nice, Do you have anything exactly like this but with a bottom in it?
Can I see it from the side please?
This is perfect! What are the dimensions?
That is perfect, How much is this?
Please add this to my cart.
Hello. I am looking for a new ottoman.
In my family room.
Kind of traditional, but also open to other stuff. My family room is mostly a comfy flop room.
I like the one in the middle, but my sofa is dark. I was thinking something in contrast.
Anything in multi-color?
That is cute. How big is it?
That might be too small. Anything bigger with multi-color?
May I see a side view?
I really like that one. The top opens?
Perfect. Would you add it to my cart?
Thanks for the help.
Hi there! I am looking for a sofa, Can you help me?
I'm thinking blue would be nice.
Alright. What about brown?
I like the second one. Can you show me another angle, please?
Perfect. What can you tell me about this piece?
I see! So what style is it considered to be?
Alright. Can you show me it one more time at a different angle?
Thank you. And how much does this piece cost?
Perfect! Can you go ahead and add this to my cart for me?
Hi! I am on the lookout for a nice comfy couch for my living room. Do you have something like that?
I am on the lookout for something modern and a black one
And may I request you to show me the back side and also let me know the price of it please?
Perfect! It seems very close to my choice and the price is also good, and by the way is there any discount on the price for the season?
Wow! That sounds great! I think I will go with this one. Please add it to my cart.
I am good and thank you so much for your time. I appreciate your service. You have a great day!
can you help me find a table?
dining room table
black
great how much is the middle one
can you show me a different angle
thanks add it to my cart please
that is all today thx
Can I see black kitchen islands?
I actually do. Can I see a bigger image?
Does it come with our chairs?
Could I get a side view?
What is it made of?
Very nice. How much?
Please add it to my cart.
That is it. Thanks!
Hi, I would like see an ottoman.
Yes, I would like to see a white ottoman if possible?
Yes, I like the one in the middle.
That sounds good, can you tell me what material this item is made of ?
What other colors do you have available for the ottomans?
Yes, i would like to see the purple.
That's OK, Thank you for all your help but I think I will keep looking.
I'm looking for a white chair
In my living are.
I'm looking for cloth please.
Modern
Minimum $100-250 please provide pictures also
Great I love it.
Sounds good thank you.
Can I see some of your bookcases please?
The one on the right, how much is it?
Okay. Can I see a few more, please?
What is the one on the right made of?
I think this might be something I can use. How much is this one?
How tall is it?
That's perfect! Thanks for all your help!
I am looking for a bookcase.
Maybe white
Can I see the first one closer?
Can I see it from the side?
That is the one I want can you add it to my cart/
Thank you for your help.
Hello tonight I am looking for a kitchen Island can you show me what you have available??
the first and second are really nice can you tell me some details about the first image
What is the price on it
Ok and what about the second image you sent I really love that one.. tell me material, colors and price please.
Can you show me some of your sofas?
I'm looking for a loveseat for my living room.
Let's try a white or a gray.
I'm not sure yet.
I'm unable to see the picture. Maybe I'll check back later on.
No, thank you. I appreciate your help. I'll check back later on.
Hi, I am looking for an ottoman, can you help me?
I am looking for a colored one, possibly purple?
This is exactly what I am looking for. Can I see the dimensions?
Thank you. How much is this item?
Ok, can you add this to my cart? I would like to purchase this item.
Thank you so much and have a great New year!
Hello, I would like to shop for furniture. Could you assist me?
A table please.
This table is for a dining room
8 seats please, thank you!
That is lovely! Can I see a closer view?
I really like this one! It has 8 seats which is exactly what I need too
Yes, please. Before I make a decision...is there anyway you could locate a price for the table?
Great! that is under my budget. Could you please move this to my cart please?
Perfect, thank you for your assistance!
Hello there am looking for bookcases today.
I am looking for something grey and modern
Do you happen to have something taller?
yes can you please tell me about the one in the middle?
yes can you please tell me about the one in the middle?
Yes it is . What is the price ?
Thank you i will take three
Hello. I am shopping for a new sofa.
Maybe something retro in a dark color.
Those first two are too small. The last one is OK, but I'd like something more retro.
Not really. Any others?
That middle one might work. What color is that?
May I see it closer?
How big is it?
How much?
That's a little much. Would you save this for me so I can think about it?
No, thanks for the help.
Hi can you show me your kitchen islands?
Great. I like the one on the left, can you show it to me?
Yes it is I like that one and it is just what I am looking for. Does it come with the chairs?
Wow, that's a lot! Can you tell me what it is made of?
That's very nice. Can you add it to my cart?
ok. Thanks for your help!
May I see some ottomans please
May I look at a few
May I see some
Do You have a dark brown
what is the price
Please add it to my cart for future reference Thank you
Hello i am looking for a table
A coffee table I apologize
Something in white or grey
The 1st one is nice can I see it up close
I like this can i see the top
Okay it looks like it will fit so can you tell me how much it is?
Good i will take it
Thank you
Hello. I am looking for an island today.
One for the middle of my ktchen.
I don't have a preference on color, anything will go. I just need something I like.
I like that first one. Can I get a closer view?
Very nice. It looks really large though. What are the dimensions?
Okay that will be great. Can you please add to my cart?
no that is all. thank you.
Hello, I need to buy an accent chair please. Can you help me?
Yes, can I see some in white?
Not quite. Do you have some in charcoal?
No. Can you show me more please.
what other colors do you have?
Ok, can I see some in grey please?
The color is right, can you show me more please
No, the accent chair I am looking for is grey but not the ones shown.
No, thank you. I will continue to look elsewhere then Thank you for your time!
you too!
Hello I need to find a new chair can you please help me
just an accent chair
dark colors but I am mainly looking for a black accent chair
can you resend they did not come through
Can you show me accent chairs.
Can you show me more of the last one?
Can you tell me the size?
Black
I think that's all for me for now - thanks for your time.
Hello can you assist me with finding a sofa for my bedroom?
I'm looking for a small cream colored one to go at the bottom of my bed.
What is the length of ths one?
That's  a goos size, does thi style have one large cusion on the bottom and pilow back?
Yes if you have one that is the same length.
That's fine what is the cost?
Ok can you put one in my cart?
No. thank you.
Hello, I'm looking for a chair
I'm thinking a dining chair actually
Thanks, I'm not really into these chairs. Do you have anything more along the lines of traditional or contemporary?
This isn't really what I'm looking for either. Can you show me wooden dining chairs?
Hmm, this isn't it either. I do like the color of the middle option though, the dark wood look
That chair is nice, but still not what i'm looking for
Unfortunately no. It needs to be a dining chair for a dining table
Not really, can you show me some wooden dining chairs? dark in color?
This is it! Awesome. How much is this particular chair?
Nice, add 4 to my basket please!
That's all. Have a wonderful day
Can you help me find an ottoman?
I am looking for a gray or blue ottoman.
Can I see some other styles?
What are the measurements?
How about the price?
What is the price on the first ottoman? I like that size better.
What style is that ottoman?
I appreciate your help. I think I am going to continue my search another time.
hi can you help me find an island?
I'm not set on a color yet, can you show me what you have available?
Those are very nice, can I see what else you have?
Ok thank you, do you have more?
Ok can I see the middle one closer?
Nice can I see the top
Thank you. Can I see the side and what are the dimensions?
How much is this gong for?
That's not bad at all can you add one to my cart?
That's all for me today. Thanks so much for all your help.
Hello, I'm looking for an end table
Something simple.  Maybe gray. Do you have anything like that?
Gray
I don't see anything.
No worries.  Thanks so much for your help!
Can you help me find an end table?
can you show me more? I need storage in them
I dont' like that one. What else can you find?
I like that one. can I see it from the side?
What are its dimensions?
Can I see the front again
What is the price on this one?
Okay, add it to my cart please
Hi there! I'm looking for a kitchen island, can you help?
I'm looking for a white island, if possible!
I like the second one. Can you show me a different angle?
That's really nice! What does it look like from the top?
Perfect. Do you know if it comes in any other color variations or finishes?
That's good to know. The white one is still best. What would you consider the style to be?
Good! Is there anything else you can tell me about it?
Alright. One more question. How much does it cost?
That's great! Can you add this to my cart please?
Hello! I want to look at some gray sofa
I dont like any of them. Do you have something else, please?
Can I take a closer look at the one on the right?
Nice I like it. Can you turn it to side-view?
What material is it made of?
Nice, what about dimensions?
What is the price?
Ok, Can I get free Christmas delivery / shipping, please?
Thank you for all the information. That is all I need for now and Merry Christmas to you!
Hi, can I see some islands. I need to buy one.
Sure. I will go for black. I don't care about style much.
I like this one. Can you please turn it around?
Cool. How much for it?
Does it come in other colors?
Scratch that. I'll get it. Please add it to my cart.
Thank you.
HI. I'm looking for a sofa.
Can I see  modern styles?
I really like the middle one. Can I see it up close?
Perfect. It's very nice. How much is it?
What are the dimensions?
What materials is it made out of?
Can  I also see how it looks from the top?
I like it. Add it to my cart please.
That will be all. Thank you for your help today.
Hi! Can you show me some new kitchen islands?
Do you have any farmhouse style?
Thanks for looking. I am interested in more of a high end solid/bulky type.
Ok ,Thanks.
No, Solid wood, please.
Do you have any over $1000. These are all looking too small for my mansion.
Can you re share the picture, please?
Oh Yes, I like this one! Can I see it from the back?
What is the price?
That's perfect. Please, add it to my cart for me to purchase. Thank you so very much.
Im in search of a chair
Somthing brown
Perfect what are they prices for the chair
Perfect can you save the chair for me
That will be all i think you for your time
Hello. I am looking to buy an ottoman. Can you recommend me one?
Please show me the third one from a birds eye view.
It looks ok, but I actually don't want a round one. Can you show me a different shape?
That one is pretty. How much is it?
Yes please! Thank you for all the help.
plz help me pick out bookcase
not sure
no just looking around
i cant see it :(
how much is that one
thats enough for today thx
hi id like to shop for a sofa today
A large sofa, at least 3 cushions and something in gray or white please
Ok can we take a closer look at the middle one please?
Wonderful! I was actually wanting a sleeper but there generally so hard to find! What is that one made out of?
Perfect and how long is it?
Perfect length! okay, whats the price tag on it? Be nice now!
No your right for a sofa sleeper especially! I believe I'll take it! Could you add it to my cart please?
Great! thatll be it! Thank you so much and you have an awesome day!
Hi! I'm looking for a rug.
I'm looking for a beige or grey patterned rug.
Great, the brown one looks good. How much is it?
That's such a great price! Can I see the back of it?
Awesome, what are the dimensions?
Great, I'll take it!
Thank you so much for your help!
Have a good night!
Hi.  I'm looking for a chair.  Can you help me?
Hi.  I'm looking for a chair.  Can you help me?
An accent chair please.
I'm thinking blue?
Do you have anything in black?
I like the one in the middle. Can I get a closer look please?
I like it. What are the dimensions?
Yes.  Top please!
Can you please put it in my cart?
You have been very helpful.  Thank you very much!!
Can you help me find a beige or white accent cahir?
Something comfortable, with arms. Like a single person couch.
Can I see the second option closer?
Yes, please.
I am not sure this is it. Can I see another option up close?
This is very pretty but I think I will continue my search another time.
Good day. I am looking for a nice dinning chair. can you help?
black or dark green
Can I see more options?
Okay. Can you show me a closer look at the one in the middle.
What is the price on this chair?
thank you. can you tell me what it is made of?
Okay. can you add this to my cart. Thank you for your help.
Hi, I am looking for a rug
Sound great. I need in grey color with some shapes in yellow colors?
What is the size?
The one in rectangle shape and average size will be ideal one?
yes please
How much does it costs?
That was what I am looking for. Please add it to my cart
That enough for today. You were very supportive. Thanks a lot.
Hello, i'm looking for a bookcase for my living room. Can you help me?
May I see some more options please. I don't like any of these.
Thanks! I like the option on the end. May I take a closer look?
Does this nitem come with wheels?
Can you tell me the material this is conducted from?
I really like this one can you tell me its measurements. I'd like to make sure it will fit my desired spot.
Perfect, i'll take it! Can you add this to my cart?
That will be all! Thanks!
Hello, I am interested in shopping for a kitchen island.
No particular style anything will be fine
I like the first one, how much is it?
DO you have anything cheaper than that?
great, I would like to get this one
Thank you for your assistant, have a great day
I can you help me mind a coffee table from your catalog
im looking for something retro is a brown im thinking
Im sorry I dont seem to be able to see anything if you shared a picture
No sorry Still can see anything
No That's ok, Im sorry your catalog is not sending pictures
Hi there, I am looking for a futon today.  Can you help?
Perhaps couches?
Oh I unfortunately cannot see it, can you describe the color? I'm looking for green
Oh, okay, and how much is that if I may ask?
That seems reasonable for its practicality.  I'll add one to my cart, please.
Thank you very much for your assistance today
Show me some kitchen island?
black wood top?
Whats the dimension?
How much?
Does it have sitting?
I want to see it from another angle?
Add it to my cart.
Hi there. I could use your help finding a coffee table.
I'd like a white one.
I'm wanting a more modern piece.
Thank you. I like the middle one. Closer view?
And the side view.
Okay. How much is this?
Add this to my cart. I'll take it.
I am looking for an armchair
Something overwhelming black with maybe a tan overlay design
Oh that's really nice. Please show me a side view
Can I see it from the back?
What material is this chair made from?
How much does it cost?
Please add it to my cart.
I am looking for an end table.
Sorry, nothing came.  Can you re send it .
Nope, Tell me a about  one that would be a kids room
How wide is it?
What is the price of that one?
Do you have one that is not manufactured wood?
How tall is that one?
How wide?
Can you add both to my favorites for me to look at later.
No, That will be all ..
Hi, can you show me some kitchen islands?
Lets try something wood verse metal.
Can you give me a closer look at the one in the middle, please?
Can I get a look at the top view to see if I like the stainless steel?
What is the price of this one?
Thanks. I am actually looking for something of a higher quality. Do you have any wood islands over $750 you can show me?
I like that. May I see the side view?
I love the stools. Please, save this for me. Thanks!
Hello, I'm looking for a chair.
I'd like to find a white chait.
The chair I'm looking for is smaller and has a rounded back.
That's the chair I was trying to find, thanks. How much is it?
That seems expensive, what's it made from?
Oh, I didn't realize it was a set of four.
looking for an accent chair
gray or white
please do
may i see the others
may i see the first one
can i see the back
can you tell me the dimensions
i need the price please
great can you add to my cart
no thank you
Hello. I am looking for a kitchen island. Can you please help me?
Anything you have would be fine. Thanks so much!
These look great thank you. May I please see a closer view of the third one?
Great thank you! Can you please tell me a little more about this one?
Very neat! Can you please tell me the name of it?
Great and what is the price on it please?
Ok great can you please add this to my cart?
No that's all thank you so much for all of your help today have a good one
Hi, I am looking for a bookshelf for my office
not sure yet, can you show me what you have
i like the one on the right, the one in the middle is not made strong enough for what i need. can you show me a little closer pic of the last one?
oh ok, how tall is it?
oh ok great. how much is it
add to cart, thank youy
thank you
Hello, i'm looking for a bookcase to buy.
I'd like a long gray one.
I don't like any of these. Can I see some long ones in white also?
I like this one. What's the dimension?
How much is it?
Turn it to the side for me please
Add it to my cart. Thank you for your help
Hello: I am shopping for an accent chair.
I'm looking for a neutral color.
I like this chair, please tell me the dimensions?
How is the chair constructed and do you have any information on the materials used?
I like this chair and it will work. What is the price?
I will need 4 of these chairs, do you have that quantity in stock? If so, I'll take them.
Yes, that's a good idea to expedite my order.  If you will add them to my cart.
Can I see some of your lighter accent chairs?
Those are nice. Can I see a few more?
I'm looking for something with a base similar to the left side chair, but with four legs and a slightly different seat.
No. It has four thin legs.
No, unfortunately, not. The lefts taper under the center of the seat, not straight down like this one. Do you have any more?
It's a lighter color. A little lighter than what's show here. Don't worry about it. I'll look around and come back later. Thanks anyway!
Hi, I'm looking for a white or gray ottoman
Ah, the second one is what I'm looking for! Can I see it up close?
Thanks! Looks comfy! Is this fur?
I see and what will it cost me?
Can I get a closer view of the top?
Thanks! I'll come back and purchase it later. Thanks for your time.
That is all. Bye bye.
Hello, I am shopping for a new sofa.
Yes, I am looking for something modern, in black, please.
I can't see anything, can you resend, please?
I like the on on the far left. What are the materials it is made of?
Can I see the side view?
How much is this one?
I'll take it.  Will you please put it in my cart?
I want to look at some chairs.
I am interested in Ottoman chairs for my dining area!
I am interested in a more sophisticated look! What are my options?
It's too simple, I do not like that one. Let's shoot for  something more extra!
Yes! That style is perfect. What's the price?
Oh wow ! That's a great price. Add two to my cart please! Can I see the top of it?
That's nice! Yes , I would love to make this purchase today.
Yes, I'll need those to decide where I'll be putting them !
That's a great size for the price!
Is there any helpful information in regards to this furniture?
Definitely loving the versatility! This will do for me
You're Welcome, thanks again!
I'm looking for a kitchen island to buy.
Yes, traditional style please.
No particular color in mind. Can I see some more options?
It looks good. How much is it?
Can I see the side view?
What's the dimension?
Tell me more about it, particularly the materials used.
I'll take it, please add it to my cart.
No, that would be all. Thank you.
Hi. I am looking for a new chair.
I am looking for a black accent chair.
I really like the first one. How much does it cost?
Great. Can I get a closer look?
What material is it made of?
Cool. I'll take it.
I would like to see some bookcases.
I would like to see white options first.
Could I see it please?
That would be great. And how many shelves it is/
Do you have any white options with 5 shelves?
What are the dimensions on that one?
How much?
How much did the first one cost?
Okay. Can you save both items for later?
I just want the items saved, not added to my cart.
Could you show me some of your end tables
Can I see just black ones, please
I didn't find anything I like in this batch
Can I see the last one closer?
Can you tell me more about this table
How much does it cost?
A little expensive. Can I see another dark color end table
Too common, do you have something unique and round?
Can you also show me some of your end table that has a chic style, if you have
I think I'll try another time, I'm not quite 100 sure of these end tables. Thank you for your assistance
i'm looking for a sofa can you assist me please.
can you look for a brown sofa
i like the first one.
Sure i need to know the dimensions..
ok what is the price.
OK i need a cheaper price
Great around my range i need the dimensions.
thank you for your assistance.
Hi.  I am looking for a table lamp.
A traditional style lamp.
Can I see the white lamps?
Yes, please show me another view.
What are the heights of both of those?
OK.  What is the cost?
That is in my price range.  Can you remember that for me?
No, that is it for today.  You were very helpful.
Hi, I am searching for a table. Can you help me? I only have a picture.
This appears to be a dining table but I'm not entirely sure.  The legs are very curved. Almost like a question mark It looks modern for sure.
It is brown or black. Darker color for sure.
Could you try one more time?
Yes! It looks like the one on the left is exactly what I'm looking for. You are a great assistant. Could you tell me what it is called?
How big is it?
Could I see this table from the side?
Thank you so much!  What is the price on this table?
That is well within my budget. I want to buy this item. Can you place it in the shopping cart for me?
Thanks for your assistance today!  Have a wonderful weekend.
hello i am looking for a new kitchen island for the kitchen in my new home.
i was think something black because the whole kitchen is white
i like this design what can you tell me about it
what are the dimensions
how much is it
yikes... thats a bit above my price range do you have any others in black
i do actually i like the shelves can you tell me about it
oh i love this. what are the dimensions
how much does it cost?
perfect. can you add it to my cart please
thank you so much for all of your help and being so patient with me
Hello: I am looking for a table please.
A dining room table please.
How about a brown table?
Yes, can you tell me a little more about this table?
Do you have the dimensionS of the table?
Great, I'd like to buy it, please add it to my cart, thank you.
Hello, can you help me find a table?
Let me look at dining tables please.
No I don't really like any of those. Do you have some that have a more natural finish?
No, not really. Do you have any round ones that have a natural finish or a brown color?
No, do you have any with a center pole base?
Yes, I like the one on the right. Can I see a closer look?
What are the dimensions for it?
Great and how much does it cost?
Perfect, Can you add it to my cart?
Thank you so much for your assistance. Have a great day.
Hello. Can you help me find a sofa?
something white or beige.
Can I see a closer look at the one on the right?
Can you tell me the price
Do you know the material it is made of?
Can I see the sofa from another view.
Can you tell me the size of this sofa?
Thank You for your help. I will add this to my cart.
No that should be everything. Thanks Again.
Hi, I am shopping for an island for my kitchen.
Not any of these. I would like something white or beige.
I like this one. What are the dimensions?
Yes, do you have anything smaller?
Can I see the side view?
How many baskets does it come with?
That's perfect will you put it in my cart, please?
Thank you
Hi. I am looking for a kitchen island. Can you please help?
Any would be ok thank you I am mainly just browsing. I like the looks of the middle kitchen island. Can you please tell me a little more about it?
Wow it sounds just as amazing as it looks! What are the dimensions of this kitchen island please?
Great. How about the price?
Not bad. I would like to purchase this. Can you please add it to my cart?
That is all for now. Thank you so much for all of your help today! Have a great day
hello i am looking for a sofa, can you help?
Yes, I am looking for a lighter color maybe white or gray
can I see the middle picture
yes please
may i see the top of it?
thank you how about the bottom?
that is nice, can i see the side
what is the price?
Oh I have to have it then!
Hello, I'd like to see some kitchen islands please.
Nothing in particular no, but maybe something with a stone top?
I love that! Is there any built in storage with this one?
Excellent. I like the stools with this island. Can I see a top view please?
This is fine. What decor style is this kitchen island?
Oh very nice, solid wood oak! How much is it?
That is kind of pricey, but this a quality piece of furniture. Can you save it for later for me? I'd like to discuss this purchase with my husband.
Yes please, can I see some cheaper options?
Decent price. I like the wheels on it as well. Not as impressive as the other one though. Does this come in a darker color?
Yes, I see that. Nice touch. What is the material of this island?
Okay well, I'll just wait to see if I can purchase the first option. Thank you for your time!
Can you help me find a dark colored accent chair with a floral design?
I am not sure yet.
This is it. Can I see the back?
Do you know the measurements?
What is the price?
Can you add this to my cart please?
That's all. Thank you
Hi, can you help me find a new sofa?
I need something more formal looking.
Wow, that is gorgeous! Can I see it from the backside?
I am not sure if it will fit my space. By chance to you have the measurements?
Do you have any information on the materials it is made from?
Would you mind listing the price?
I actually really like this one. I would love to purchase it!
That is all! I appreciate your help so much!
Hello, can you help me find a sofa?
I would like to find something in green.
Let me see what you have in a traditional style.
This is a beautiful sofa. What material is it made from?
Okay, can you tell me the price of this item?
That sounds good. Can you add this item to my cart?
Hi I need a new ottoman.
I'm looking for something upholstered.
Do you have any round ones?
Well I saw something in a catalog. Do you have any others that are round? Maybe it was a coffee table I saw.
The one I saw was gray and it was upholstered in a fabric.
That is exactly what I am looking for. Thanks so much for finding it. Please add this to my cart.
Can you show me patterned rugs?  I'm looking for one in brown with leaves, if possible.
Perfect.  Can you tell me how big it is?
And the price?
Add to my cart please.
That is all, thank you.!
Hi, I need help looking for a bookcase
Brown please.
I'm not particular on the decor style
How much is this one?
Will you give me more details on the product?
In that case, can you show me the side of the shelve?
I'm unable to see the image.
That's okay. Thank you for your help.
That's all.
Can you help me find a sofa?
I'm looking for a black couch please.
Can I please get a closer look at the one on the left?
I like it. How much is it?
How long is it?
Perfect.  Can you please add this sofa to my cart?
No thank you.  You have been very helpful.  Have a great day!!
Hello. I am looking for an island today. I have no preference on color or style so I would just like to browse please.
Thank you. I am not sure about these. Can you tell me the name of the middle one and then the next three islands?
Definitely not liking these! What else do you have?
You know I believe I do like the Benedetto Kitchen Island. Can I get a closer look and could you tell me a little about it?
Sounds good, can I get a side view along with dimensions?
Great!! Perfect size! can I get the price please?
Okay great can you add it to my kitchen favorites list? Thank you for all the wonderful help today and I will get back with you when I'm ready to purchase.
Hello: I am shopping for a kitchen island.
I am looking for a white kitchen island.
If you will show me the second, solid island please.
will you show me the island from a top view?
Great and what are the dimensions?
It has a nice broad work area, that I like. Do you have any information on how it is constructed? It looks like it has wheels too.
Can you tell if it has seating at the island?  This front view doesn't have seating, but maybe the opposite side?
Thank you, this island doesn't have seating available.  That's okay, I like the island.  I'd like to think about it until tomorrow.
Yes please.  I will contact you tomorrow regarding finalizing the sale.
Hello. I am looking for a rug.
Something in blues.
No I am looking for something with more blues and darker. Do you have any more options?
Yes the one on the right looks nice, can I get a closer view?
Great exactly what i needed. What is the price?
Great can you add two to my cart?
That will be all. Thank you.
Hi I am looking to purchase a kitchen island.
I want something kind of light colored.
I don't like those. What are your dark options?
I would like to see brown please.
I love the one on the far right! How much is it?
I will take it. Will you add it to my cart please.
No that will be all. Thank you.
Hello i am looking for a table
Actually I am looking for a coffee table
I am thinking something in white
I really like the middle one can I see it up close
I was going to ask you can I see it from the left or right side
Oh i like that can i see the bottom
Okay that will be just fine can you add it to my cart. And I would like to see a area rug please
One with white in it with some type of design
I like the first one how much is it
Okay i will take this too can you add it to my cart
Okay i will take this too can you add it to my cart
Thank you have a good day
Hello, I am shopping for a new bookcase please.
I like a more rustic look.
I would like black with 5 shelves, no more than $500
Thank you
I like it, how much is it?
I'll take it, can you put it in my cart?
I am ready to check out.  Thank you for your help.
I'm looking for a kitchen island
Yes, white please
Yes I like the 2nd one, in the center. May I see it up close please?
Thank you! That is exactly what I'm looking for. Can you tell me the price?
Okay, ope let me get the dimensions so I can make sure it'll fit.
Perfect & can I see the side view please?
Very handy! I like this one & I see it is on wheels so it can be moved around. Can you add it to my cart?
No I'm all set. Thank you for everything! Have a great night
Please show me chairs.
I'm looking for an office chair.
Can you tell me more about the first one?
What are the dimensions?
And the price?
ok,  I'll keep looking.  That's all for now!
Hello, I am looking for a grey side table.
Those are not quite what I am looking for, can you show me more?
Yes, may I have a closer look at the first one?
I love the way this one looks. How much is it?
That is good to know. What is its height?
Thank you for your help. I would like this added to my cart.
show me sofa
brown
do you have any others
i like 2nd one
Hello there, I'm looking for an ottoman please.
I want something edgy looking in darker tones.
Do you have anything that had gray in it but black as well, like two tone?
Yes that is exactly what I am looking for, can you tell me the price please?
I will take it, can you please add it to my cart?
Thank you for all of your help today, that will be all.
I have come to have a look at the Kitchen Islands. Is there anyone who could help me with it?
Thank you so much! I like the first one. Could you please give me some information about it?
Thanks for the info. I like it a lot. It looks ideal for my kitchen. May I know the features of this kitchen island please?
Wow! Great utility! By the way, can I know the cost of this Kitchen Island?
Not bad a price when it can be so useful. I am happy to have found this kitchen island. Do you offer free shipping? I do not live here but live in Las Vegas and want it shipped.
Not a problem. Before I request you to add it to my cart, I would like to know if I will be getting any discounts on this purchase for this product. I mean any holiday discounts or promos for Christmas and New Year?
If that is the case I would like to check a few more stores here for the same product and if there is a store offering a better and favorable price, I might plan and get that one. Can you be holding this product till tomorrow evening. Just give me time to check the other stores?
Perfect! That should be good for me. Anyway I want to thank you for your time and I will definitely get back if I do not find this product elsewhere. Thank you so much and you have a Great Evening!
Hi, I am looking for a round rug?
Yes. What can you tell me about the fabric?
Thanks. What are the dimensions?
Price?
Hello, I'm searching for a gray accent chair.
I like the third one. Can I see it up close?
I like this chair. What material is it made out of?
Great, what are the dimensions?
Can you turn the chair to the back.
Nice, how much is it?
Can you add it to my cart. I would like to buy it.
Hello. I am looking for a rug today.
I am not sure yet. So if you can just help me find a rug that would be great.
Neutral type colors. I would like a decorative one with design. So multiple colors.
I do like those colors, but looking for more of a traditional pattern found on area rugs.
Yes I would like to see them.
You flashed a few up pretty quickly. Do you have a different view of the first one you showed.
I am sorry I do not see it yet.
Sorry that was not the first one I was referring to. The one I like had a bit more red.
Yes that is the one. Can you please add that to my cart?
Hello!  Can you help me find a sofa?
I'm thinking blue?
Grey?
Traditional?
I like it. Can I see a top view please.
Thank you.  What are the dimensions please?
How much does it cost?
Can you please add it to my cart?
Thank you.  You have been very helpful.  Have a great day!!
Hello, I am looking fo a rectangular area rug, black and gray colors please.
I like the first one, can you please show it to me larger?
Lovely! could you tell me the dimensions?
and the price?
Could you please add this to my cart?
that is it!  thanks so much !
Show me white kitchen islands.
Not yet. I only know I want a white one.
Can I get a closer view of the one on the right?
Can I get a view of the top?
I still see the front. How much is this one?
Does it have wheels?
I like that. And how big is it?
Can you add this item to my favorites?
I like to see some of your dining tables
Nothing specific at the moment, but I can see brown dining tables
Can I see the first table, please
What is the dimensions for this table?
Not quite long enough, Can I see something that is longer?
I like this one, can I see a top view of this table
Very nice, what is it made of?
I like it, How much is it?
I'll take it. Can you add it in my cart
Hello, I am looking for some dining room chairs.
I don't really like these. Can I see what you have in white?
can I see the one on the far right?
Thank you. What can you tell me about this the Sowerby?
Thank you! What about the size?
Sounds good on the size part. How about the pricing.
Sheesh, that is a bit much. Can you add this to my dining room favorites? I will need to discuss this with my husband. Thank you!
I'm looking for a round table. Can you show me a few please?
Yes, sorry.
Maybe something a little shorter. Have anything like that?
That's close to what I'm looking for. Anything with a shelf underneath the table top?
That one is nice but I
Black or gray would be nice.
That one is perfect! What is the price?
That's a great price too! I'll take this one please.
Fantastic! Thanks for all of your help today!
I'm looking for a kitchen island please.
Yes please
Maybe the middle one, but I'd like to look at some more.
I like the one in the middle, can I see it closer?
Can you tell me more about it?
And what are the dimensions?  I want to know if it will fit in my kitchen.
And how much does it cost?
It's perfect. I'll take it.
Nothing else, thank you.  You've been very helpful.  Have a good evening.
I need a new kitchen island.
I'd like a small one.
Can i see the one on the right please.
Can I see it from a different angle please?
Can I see it from the front?
Thank you. How tall is this?
What is the cost of this?
What is it made out of?
Okay. Could you add this one to my favorites?
Hi, can you show me some kitchen islands please?
Not at the moment, i'd like to see a variety please
Do you have any other options?
I don't have a specific color
I am viewing the same options.
I'm sorry I don't like any of these options. Can you please show me a different selection.
I don;t have a particular style or color in mind. I'd like to see different options to see what I like.
I like the first one. May I take a closer look please?
Can you tell me what material this is made from?
Thanks for your help. I'll just check back at a later date
Hello! I'd like to look at options for a kitchen island.
Not really. Can you show me a few things that you have?
Can I see the third one up close, please?
Can I see it from the right side?
How much is this one?
That's pretty affordable. Are those wire baskets at the bottom?
I'll take it. Add it to my cart please.
That's all. Thank you!
Hello, I am look for an end table please.
I think a brown wooden one would fit my decor nicely. Do you have any that are brown?
I really like the last one can I see it closer?
Can I see it from the front please?
Thank you. This appears to be just what I am looking for. Do you mind sharing the dimensions with me?
Great. I think this one is going to be perfect and is within my budget! I just want to verify before purchasing what kind of material is this made of?
Perfect! I would like to purchase two of this item please.
Nope, that is all. Thank you so much for your help.
Hello, I am looking for a black cubicle bookcase. Can you help me?
Now that looks perfect! What are the dimensions?
How much is it?
Great can you add it to my cart?
That is awesome have a great day and thank you for your help.
Hello! I'm looking for a table.
I'm looking for a dining table.
Can you tell me more about the first one?
What's the price of it?
Ok, can you tell me about the second option?
Alright, I would like to buy the first one. Can you add it to my cart?
Thank you for all your help!
i am looking for a black chair
can i please have the closer view on left?
what is the material of this chair?
great can i have the view from top please
looking great what are the dimension of it?
Perfect for my space what is the price of this chair?
if i buy 2 is there any promotion or discount?
no problem then add 1 chair to my cart please
thank you for your time and help really appreciated
Hello, Can you assist me today?
I am looking for a chair to go with my new living room set.
Not really. I would like something bright in color.
I like the style. What color and material is that?
Wow that sounds great. I have never heard of Kubu. How much does it cost?
Does it come in any other colors? Such as burgundy or purple?
Great, what are the dimensions?
Thanks for your help, this chair is perfect!
No that will be all.
I'm looking for a new chair.
It's gong to be a accent chair.  Do you have any chairs in brown, teal or rust?
I don't care for anything too modern looking.
I'm not seeing anything on my screen.  Can you try resending?
I see them now.  Can you tell me more about the second chair?
What colors does it come in?
Do you have any chairs in teal or rust?
What are the dimensions of the second chair?
Can I see a larger view of the second chair? What material is his chair covered in? Are the arms of the chair wood?
May I see a side view of the chair?
I'm still seeing the two chairs you originally showed me.  Can you try sending a side view once again?
I am looking for a black chair
Dining please.
Oh I love the one in the middle, close up please?
How much is this?
What is the size?
Ok, I like this one. Please add to my cart.
Thank you so much for your help, have a good day.
Hello. I am looking for a dining chair.
Those are nice, but I need something tan or light brown.
Not really. Maybe an accent chair without arms.
Nice, but not what I have in mind. Upholstered with wood legs. I think.
No sorry. Some might call it an accent chair, but could be used for dining. Solid color, tan, beige, or brown. Upholstered. No arms.
Very playboy mansion! But no thanks. Maybe I will try again later.
No thanks for the help.
Hi. I'm looking for a table lamp.
I was thinking about white or gray.
Do you have more styles?
Can I see the one in the middle, please?
Can I see the front view?
How much is it?
Then I'll take it!
That is all I needed. Thank you!
Hi. I would like to look at some rugs please?
I prefer to have a gray one.
Not particularly but do like to keep things simple and not too busy.
I really like the last one but do you have any other options?
Yes can I see it closed?
How big is this?
I was actually needing something bigger than that.
None of these are quite what I am looking for. Maybe I will just check back later
No. Im sorry none of these are what I am looking for but thank you for your help.
Nope that will be all for today. Thanks again!
Hi. I am looking for an area rug.
Something multi colored and reddish
I would say a traditional style
Are there any other options?
That one is closer to what I am looking for but is there another one with more red
Ok.  Can I see the other 3 ?
These aren't quite what I am looking for but thank you for your help
Hi, can you help me find something for my kitchen?
Yes, I want to add a kitchen island to my kitchen.
Do you have any more?
can
Can I see the one in the middle?
Ok, How tall is it?
Great, and how much would this cost me?
Great, ill take it! Can you add it to my cart! Have a great day!
I am looking for a rug.
Maybe brown.
Something rustic
Living room
500.00
Very lovely! And the price?
Wow.  What is the measurements?
Perfect. Can you add it to my cart please?
That's it you have been lovely.  Thank you
Hi I'm in the market for some black dinning room chairs.
Let's see the modern selection please!
black
Those look nice. Can you tell me the dimensions?
How much is it?
Can you add this one to my cart please?
That is all for now. Have a good night!
Hello! I would like to see the Area Rugs in your store. Will someone help me please?
I am looking for a brown or a white one for my living room. The size does not matter.
Thanks but these do not tally with my taste, do you have anymore?
This one looks good. Can I see a close up of it please?
This is a good one. How about the whites? Can I see the white Area Rugs please?
No problem. Since I like this and it will definitely match the furniture and accessories in my living room, I request you to kindly add it to my cart please.
I am good and thank you very much for your time and service. You have a Great Day and Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas to all of you in the store!
I would like to browse some kitchen islands please
something with a lot of space
that is very nice but I do not need the chairs
I need it to have a closed bottom with doors like the first one just not with chairs
I like this one, please tell me about it
what are the dimensions for it
I hope I can afford it how much is it
okay please add to my cart and thanks for helping me
Hello I would like to see some furniture.
Thank you, I am looking for a chair. Can you show me some?
In the living room most likely.
I was thinking a dull green color.
That is okay, how about one in gray?
It is nice, but I think I would like to see one with legs. Do you think you can show me a chair fit for any room with 4 legs?
Close! Can I see one like this but without armrests. Almost like a lounge chair?
Thank you so much for your help today!
I want a table, please. Do you have any?
My wife and I were looking for a new dining table.
Great, are any of these under $1,500?
Alright, I like the one on the right. Can I see it a little more closely?
Great, I would like to buy it.
Hello. I am looking for a desk lamp. Can you please help me?
Black please.
That is all I can think of for now thank you.
Thank you. Can you please tell me a little more about it?
Wow that is very cheap! Can you please add it to my cart?
I think that about does it for now, thank you so much for your help today.
I'm looking for a black chair.
No specific style
I'm interested in a dining chair.
I'm not seeing anything.
Hello there, I am looking for an ottoman, can you help me?
I want something dark with perhaps a pattern, like stripes.
I think this ottoman is very nice, but perhaps something a bit bigger please.
I like this one, can i see the top please?
Thank you, what are the dimensions on the ottoman?
What is the ottoman made of?
I would take it, can you please add it to my cart?
That is all, thank you so much for all of your help. Happy Holidays to you.
good day i am looking for a rug. can u help?
a big area rug, something multi colored.
the one in the middle looks nice. can you show me that one.
Can you tell me the size of this rug?
Can i see the view from the top?
Do you know what the price is for the Brandt rug?
Thats a good deal. I think I will add this to my wish list. thank you.
Thank you again for your assistance.
Hi, I am in need of a new kitchen island.
I am looking for something different. Are there any other options?
That looks nice. What is the price of that?
What does it cost?
Okay, not too bad. What are the dimensions?
Thank you.  What materials is it made from?
Okay, please add that to my cart.
Have a good day.
Good day, I am looking for a bookcase, can you help?
black
Can I see the one in the middle?
Do you know the price on the Bowerbank?
Can I see a view of this bookcase from the left side?
Can you tell me the size of the Bowerbank?
Thank You. I like this one. I will add it to my cart. Thank you for your help.
Im looking for a bookcase
A black one
Can you tell me about them
How many shelves
I'm looking for a ottoman
i need a large black
modern style.
Ok i like this one what are the dimensions?
Can i see the back.
Great perfect thanks for your assistance.
Are any ottomans available for sale?
Great, may I see your selection?
Something in silver would be best.
I was hoping to get one for my living room.
$200-$500 is where I want to be at.
Can we take a look at the one on the left?
Can we see some more ottoman furniture?
What is the cost for the middle and right one?
I'll purchase the middle one, thanks.
Sure, I'd be happy to see the side of it.
Yes, please.
No, thank you.
Hi. I'm looking for a new kitchen island.
I'm looking for something brown.
I like the first option. Can I get a closer look?
What are it's dimensions?
Can I see a top view?
What is the countertop made of?
Great. How much does it cost?
Great. I'll take it!
Hello, can you help me find a kitchen island?
Perhaps something light like a white or even light gray.
Does it have any cabinets or shelves for storage?
What is the price?
Do you have any under $200.00?
That is more my price range. Do you know what material it is made from?
What are the dimensions of this one?
Sounds good. Can you add this to my saved items while I think it over?
That is it for today. Thanks for your help.
Hello, I am shopping for an office chair that rolls.
Yes, I'm looking for a black chair with a high back for support.
I like the first one. Can you also tell me if it can turn around?
Thanks, but can you tell me if the chair itself turns around?
Perfect!  Yes, I would!
How much does it cost?
That is a great price! I'll take it!
Thank you for your help!  That is all for today.  Have a great day!
I am looking for a Kitchen island please.
I'm looking for something dark.
Not real sure, maybe traditional.
Yes.  Extra prep room and seating would be great.
Rectangular.
Awesome. Ready!
The first one that has the two chairs I think would be perfect.
Yes please.
Great buy. Please add it to my cart.  Thank you for your help.
Yes. Thats it.  Have a great day.
Hello there, can you help me find a table?
I saw a picture of one that I like, it's a dark colored coffee table.
Boy, that was fast and exactly what I'm looking for... what's the price?
Not bad at all, what's in made out of?
Nice, and what's the width on this one?
What
You read my mind, I meant to ask what the height was, thanks.
Hello, do you have any sofa's I can look at today?
I would like something green if you have it in that color.
I like the soft looking one in the middle. What is that called?
And can you show me what it looks like on the bottom?
Oh thats good, I like a solid bottom. Can you show me the back as well?
OH wow, this looks really sturdy. Can you give me the dimensions on this sofa?
I think I will take this, can you put it in my cart please?
Thank you so much, Have a great day.
Can I look at some of you chairs.
Show me any style, I am just looking.
I dont see anything.
Okay, Tank you. Tell me more about this chair that you're showing me.
Sounds beautiful, whats the price?
I think i can find a better price somewhere else, thanks for your help though.
No thank you, I am going to browse other stores. Have a good day.
Hi I would like to see some kitchen islands. Can you show me some?
Those are nice. I am looking for something similar to the last one with an open space under the counter.
That is very nice. What are the dimensions?
Do you have other brown ones with an open view?
Perfect. Just what I am looking for. How much does it cost?
That's not too bad. OK, can you put this in my cart?
No, that will be all.  Thank you for all your help!
my family is looking for a new sofa.
Yes, were wanting a brownish color for our living room.
The one in the middle is what we were looking for. Can I get a closer look at it?
That's kind of expensive. Would you mind showing me the back of it?
That's alright. Can we see the side of it now?
Perfect, I will definitely buy it.
That would be great, thank you.
Hi there.  I'd like to shop for some chairs
Do you have any dining room chairs in white?
Yes can I see the last one closer up
I love it. Can I see it from the back?
how much is this one?
I like it. Can you add 4 of them to my cart?
Yes it does thank you for showing me that
Thanks again have a good night
Hello there, I am looking for an end table today.  Can you help?
I believe gray would look nice.
Well, perhaps mid range, like one hundred dollars?
It can be fairly small.
The one on the right looks terrific.
That is an excellent brand, I will add one of those to my cart please.
No thank you, but I appreciate your assistance.
Hello! I am looking for a kitchen chair. Can you help me?
I was thinking brown would be the best option!
I like the second one. Can you show me it from a different angle?
I like it. What style is it considered?
I like it. How much does it cost?
I am sold. Can you add this to my cart please?
No, that's all for today. Thank you for all of your hard work.
Hi there, I'm looking for an end table today.
I think I'd like a gray or white one.
Hmm, I think I'll pass on that one. Do you have any gray ones?
The first one looks interesting! Could you give me a back view of it?
Sounds good. What are its dimensions?
Great. And what is the price?
Great, I think I'll take it. Could you add it to my cart?
Great! Thanks for the help!
Can you help me please?
I need a table
I would like a table for my living room
Very pretty. Would you have in a lighter color?
Would you have in white?
I can see only in grey. What is the size?
Could you please add to my cart in white?
Show me chairs
dining chair
i like the third one
can you show me left side
Can you share dimensions
How about price
please add it to my cart
I am shopping for a kitchen island.
Great, I am looking for farm house style in white. Do you have any available?
Perfect!  My budget is for under $2000, do you have any for that price range?
That is a great price. What kind of wood is it made of?
What are the measurements?
Does this also come in an off white color?  I was trying to decide on the best color for my kitchen.
Okay, I have decided the white one will work for my kitchen. Can you please save it to my cart?
Thank you, that is all for now.
Afternoon can you help me find a bookcase please
black if you have that color
can I see the first one by itself please
what is it made of
are you able to show the side of it
I want to make sure I have room for this can you tell me the dimensions
What is the price for this bookcase
Wow, what a great price can you put this in my cart
No I think I have what I was looking for thanks so much for your help
Im looking for a new island
Im looking for something with wheels
A neutral like a gray
Hmm I am not able to see anything.  Are you able to share it again.
Can you tell me the price?
And what about the dimensions
Not bad. Can you save it for me for later.
Thank you so much.  Have a nice night
Hi, I'm looking for some new dining chairs
I'm looking for something in dark brown.
Yes please I would like to see the double ones!
Love them! How much are they?
Wow that's not bad! What are they made out of?
I like them! And I'll take them!
I'm thinking of busy another coffee table for our family room. Could you show me what you have?
Can I see your brown table
I like the middle one, can I have a closer look?
Can I how it looks like side view?
Can you show me the top
I like it. Is it made from solid wood?
very much. How much is this table?
Can you include it in my cart
Hello. I am looking for a light-colored sofa.
I'm sorry, I don't see any.
I like the second one. Would you show me a closer view?
Oh, bed bonus. Do you know the fabric?
How long is it?
How much is it?
That works. Would you add it to my cart?
Thanks so much for the help.
Hi, I need help picking a bookcase.
Can I please see the one on the left?
Can I see it from the side please? I like the look of it so far.
What is this bookcase made from?
May I please have the dimensions and price?
I love it, can you please add 2 to my cart for me? Thanks for all of your help.
I'd like to take a look at some chairs please.
In the living room please.
Purple is hard to find, so let's choose either red or blue.
I was looking for something either brighter or darker than this, if you know what I'm saying.
No offense, but it's a bit awkward. Any other chairs that I can look at?
That's more like it. But are you telling me that this is the only color available?
Okay, give me more info related to this sofa.
I see. What price range should I budget for?
A bit much. Is that the last price?
Looks like we'll abandon it. Okay, thanks for informing me. Bye.
Are there tables available here?
Can we see some white coffee tables?
Okay. What is width for the center table?
Hmm. What does the bottom look like?
Great, can we see the side of it now?
How much is the price for this table?
I buy this table.
No that's all.
Hello, I am looking to purchase a side table or a nightstand.  Can you help me?
Thanks.  Do you have more that you can share? I want to browse and see all you have to offer.
Great!  I like to see everything available before I made a decision.  Do you have more you can share. Thank you for your patience.
Great.  Can you tell me if the one in the middle has a drawer or storage?
Thanks.  It looked like it had a drawer. Yes, I really want it to have storage. I think the page before the one that this was displayed on had a drawer.  So can you go back to that page?
Exactly, that is the one. Can you tell me what type of wood is it made of?
Sure, What is the price?
I like it, and the price is good. Can you add it to my cart?
No. Thank you for you assistance.  Have a great day!
I would like an island
I am unable to see the kitchen island . could you pick one you think I would like and describe it to me
yes and what color does it come in
what is the price of the island
Wow that is a deal. what other colors is there
The gray will do  will you add it to my cart
Hello, I would like to learn about a kitchen island.
No. I am open to color. However, I would prefer something marble.
No budget in mind. I like what I like.
I think it's OK. Could I have a top view?
Could I have a back view as well?
Thank you. I'm not in love with this one. Is there something more modern in white?
No. I would prefer something without wheels.
OK. I will try again another day. Thank you!
Hi, show me some table please.
I have no preference in the room.
Great. Tell me more about the one in the middle.
Great, please tell me more?
Yes, please.
I like this one better. What is the price?
Okay. please add that to my cart.
The oval shape please.
Hello, can you please help me find a lamp?
Just a small table lamp
I like the middle one the best, but it's not really the one. Can you show me some other options?
None of those are really it either. Im looking for something more tan or light brown and a little more classic than of these
Do you have anything like the black one but brown?
That's not really the one either. Do you have anything in grey?
I don't think that's it either. Thanks for all your help today, I think I'll try again another time.
I am looking for some brown dining chairs.
I am looking for some that have cushioned seats.
No I want dining chairs.  Wood but with a cushioned seat.
Yes these are it. Can I see the back view.
Can you add two to my cart?
Thank you for all your help.
Hi, can you please show me some chairs?
I'm looking for an accent chair with a nice pattern.
Nice. Can you turn it around?
Can you show me the back, please?
Not sure. Do you have any others without arms?
Thanks, i think i'm good for now. I will look again later.
I am looking for a chair, color doesn't matter.
Dining
Can I get a closer look at the one on the right?
Side view please.
How much is it?
Ok, save it to my cart. I may buy later and thanks.
No, thank you. Have a good day.
Hello there. Can you help me find a table lamp?
I would like something in white.
May I have a closer look at the middle one?
I like this one. Can I see a side view?
How much does this lamp cost?
Not bad. Will you add two of these to my cart?
Hi, find me some table please.
Dining table please.
Beige
What of white?
Can I get a close view of the one on the right?
Dimension?
Thats too big for my place. Thank you though, just browsing.
No, thank you
Hi, I need help looking for a kitchen island.
No, I would like it in black or dark color though.
What is the price for that one?
Wow! It's a little high. Do you have a lower price in either black or dark color ones?
Much better. Please provide more details on this one.
What are the dimensions?
awesome! Do you know if this one has wheels?
That is perfect! Please add it to my cart.
That is all. Thank you.
Hello! I want to look at some TABLE LAMP
Small round white
I have an unlimited budget
I dont like this one. Do you have something else, please?
I dont like this one. Do you have something else, please?
simple, small, cylindrical, white or maybe gray...yes please check  gray color..
No, it has round stand + vertical leg + cylindrical top/shade
Super close! almost, but I have target item picture, you may see on private message section - leg does not have any decorative...just simple leg...
Ok, about this one... what about dimensions?
Cool! What is the description of this item?
Nice I like it. What is the price?
Thanks so much for your help, you've been awesome. Have a great day!
Im in need of a bookcase. Can you help me with that please?
I am looking for one that is on the right. Can I see it up close.
Yes. Can you tell me some more about it?
What kind of wood is it made of?
Would you offer any other piece that would be better than this one?
Can I see the pic of it please?
After thinking about it I like the first one better. Can you give me the dimensions of it please?
What is the price of this piece?
I like the price. Go ahead and add it to my cart?
Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Hello. I would like to see tables.
Dining tables
I like the one on the left. What are the dimensions?
Price?
Can I see the one on the right now?
What is the width of this table?
Perfect size. What about the price?
Great I'll take it. Please add to my cart.
Hi there. I am looking to buy a new table.
I need a new table for the dining room. Can you show me a couple?
Yes, show me a couple more.
Can you show me other tables with a similar size as the second one?
I like that one, but I think I would like a square table. Can you find some?
I see. Okay, yes, tell me more about this table.
Okay. Does this table come in any other colors?
Yes, but it's a bit too small. I like the other table, can you add it to my cart?
Thank you! Bye bye.
hello i am looking for an accent chair
i don't really have one
something in white or maybe gray
i like the first one
what is it made of?
what are the dimensions?
how much does it cost?
i will take it. Can you add it to my cart please
I'm looking for a kitchen island. Can you help?
Not really, just something quite large
The middle one isn't bad. Can I see some more?
I like the third one. May I see it up close?
Okay, I like that it has baskets & lots of storage. Can I see the top?
Yes I really like it. Can you tell me the price please?
Not bad at all. Can you add it to my cart, please?
I think that'll be all. Thanks for everything!
show me some islands.
Haha, no budget in mind.
I'm  not sure i like any of those
I think a whit island would look the best, I like the middle one but it's too small. Do you have any bigger white islands?
yes, give me a closer look at the second one please.
how much is this one? can you show me the top of it please?
Love it. Add it to my cart please.
I would like to see come chair options in red.
Perhaps green?
I do like this one. What is it made of?
I only see one option.
I only see the arm rest option.
I would like to know what it is made of.
Please add it to my cart.
That is it for now. Please save the other chair for me to review later as well.
hello, can you help me find an ottoman?
blue
I like this one but I'm looking for something more darker do you have black?
Can I get a closer look at the first one with the strips please
What are the dimensions?
Can I see the back please?
How much is it?
Okay, I'll take it.
Okay, I'll take it.
Hi, I am looking for a lamp
modernn
What color is the shade?
Tell me the exact measurements please
How much is it?
Please add it to my cart for me. I love it.
Hello! I would like to look at some chairs.
I am looking for something that is comfortable with a nice color.
I would say more for a family room actually.
The decor for the family room is modern.
That is a nice chair. What can you tell me about it?
I would love to buy that. Thank you for your help!
Hi, i would like to look at some table lamps, please.
Yes, i would like to take a look at some white ones.
Thank you. Can you please show me a close up of the third one?
This is interesting, but not quite what i am looking for. I need something modern. Can you show me a close up of the second one?
Sorry, I don't really like this one. If you don't mind, can i see a close up of the first one?
Yes, this is definitely more my style. Can you tell me a bit more about it?
Very nice. How big is it?
Perfect. Can you give me a view from a different angle?
Wow! I really like it. Please go ahead and add it to my cart. Thank you.
Yes, i'm sorry i forgot to ask...what is the price for this lamp?
Okay, thank you! That's all i need. Have a great day.
Hi. May I see your dining tables? I'm wanting to buy one that's white.
Um, I don't really like those. Are there any other white tables available?
May I see a closer view of the one on right?
Can I see it from the top view?
It didn't load the top view. Could you try again? And also, what's the price?
It's below my spending limit so please add to my cart! Thank you.
My brother has some rental property that needs to be furnished. We our missing a few pieces from various rooms. I'm in charge of completing the living room, and need assistance with a Dinning Table. Can you help me out today?
I'd have to see your stock to make the best possible on-demand decision. Thanks for asking.
Those are really not what I had in mind. However, the dinning space is really cramped. I'll only require a smaller sized table. Thanks!
That's the one I like, (to the far left). What can you tell me about it? I will also need the measurements.
Super!! I'll take it. You can go ahead and it to my cart. Thanks!
I think I'm good for now. Thanks for all of your help with pointing me to this amazing Dinning Table. Be well!!
I am need of a bookcase?
black is good
living room
modern
can i see a farmhouse
Hi, I'm looking for a chair.
I'm looking for a black accent chair for my living room.
No, I can't see it, is it black with gold mixed in?
Okay, how much is that one?
Oh wow, that's expensive... what's it made out of gold?
Okay, what's the width because I don't have much space?
I am looking for a chair.
A black option
Not right. Perhaps a dining room chair option?
No. Do you have any with fabric draping to the ground?
Yes. How much?
A bit much. Save it for later.
Hi, I'm looking for a chair for my living room.
Gray
Can you show me a close up of the one on the right?
Tell me more about this piece.
How much does this one cost?
Do you have any other styles besides the ones you showed me?
Thank you, I'll check back later.
Hello can you help me find a sofa please
no just to see what you have available first please
I only see One
Awesome i can see them, but can i see a few more please?
Can i see anything with a pattern print if you have or colorful?
This is nice what does it retail for ?
Excellent! Please add to my cart and that you for you patience and help!
show me lamps
Yes,White color
Do you have any others
I like the first one
What is the price
Dimensions please
Please add it to my cart
Thank you.Have a nice day
Hello.  I am interested in purchasing a table
I'm looking for a kitchen table
I would like a high top table
the oak one looks great! Do you know the dimensions?
Can you also tell me the weight if available?
That is a reasonable price!! How do you think it would look in a large dining space?
Great can you add it to my cart please?
HI can you help me find a table
I would like an end table
I would like a traditional style please
Yes I like the one in the middle Can you tell me the price of it please
Great can you please add this to my cart
Yes just one will do fine
thanks for all you help
I need assistance finding a chair please.
Dining chair.
White color.
The first one is nice.
Show me the side.
The back please.
What's the price of this one?
Okay. I'm going to look around. Thanks for your help.
Hi can I see your chairs?
Maybe black or gray
Can I see the middle one please?
Can I see it from the top?
That's nice, what are the dimensions?
What is the price?
OK, I'll take it. Can you add it to my cart?
No that's all. Thanks again
Does this store have tables?
I think what we saw online was a dinner table. It's brown.
We're not sure, it might be traditional or contemporary.
The tabletop is circular.
It's kind of like the one we're looking for. The one we saw was dark brown.
That's it! How much does it cost/
That's a great price. I'd like to buy it.
Hello! I'd like to browse for a dining room table.
I'm not seeing any products yet. Can you show me something in a bold color, please?
Oh, ok. May I see the third one up close, please?
May I see it from the top view?
Thank you. Can you show me those first 3 tables again?
This time I'd like to see the second one, in the middle.
How much is it?
How wide is this table?
Good to know. I just wanted to look around, so that's all for today. Thanks for your help!
Hello! I'm looking for an ottoman.
I'm looking a modern styled ottoman, preferably a neutral color.
Can you tell me more about the second style?
What is it priced at?
Nice, I'll buy it. Can you add it to my cart?
Thank you for all your help!
Hi. I'm shopping for a pair of lamps for my study.
Oh, those are exactly what I had in mind! I need to get the dimensions first.
What are they made of?
Do you happen to have the height of the smaller lamp?
That would work well for me. Would you save both of them in my favorites file for now please?
I appreciate all your help today!
I'm looking for a sofa
Traditional, either blue or gray
can i see the other 2 pelase
I like the one on the left. tell me about it
There was one similar to it on the first page, I'd like to look at it too
Can I see it from the side
What are its dimensions
Can I see it from behind
Very nice, how much is it
Add it to my cart please
hello I am in search of a table
Id just like to see a variety
Do you have any others?
the third one
Oh okay can i see it from the side
Thank you, Can you tell me the dimensions
What is the price
Oh, can I get  a holiday discount?
Thats disheartening im going to keep browsing thank you
No its okay, thank you have a great rest of your day
Can you assist me with purchasing a portable kitchen island?
A white one would be great.
I'm looking for one with shelves that open from both sides.
Ok, what are the dimensions of that one?
That size will work. What is the cost of this item?
Yes please add this to my cart. Thank you for your assitance with this matter.
Hello. I would like to see sofas.
Black.
I like the middle one. Can I see the back?
No I'm ok. What's the price?
Not too bad. I'll take it.
Thank you. Have a nice day
Hi.  Can you help me find a rug?
I'm thinking blue?
I really like the one on the left. Can I please get a close view?
Very nice!  What are its dimensions?
Perfect!  And the price?
Would you please ad one to my cart?
Thank you.  You have been very helpful.
Hi, find me some ottoman please.
I have no color in mind right now, can you show me more?
hmm, don't like any of these ones, do you have more please?
Okay. Can I see the first set, the zebra strip one?
The first set please. The one of the right with zebra strip.
No, the first three items you shared first.
Great. What is the price of this one?
Quiet affordable. What are the functions please?
I like it a lot. I want to buy it.
No, this will be it. Thanks a lot
1Hi, I'm looking for a table
Can you show me some dining tables?
Can you tell me about the third one?
I really like it. Add it to my cart!
No thanks, you've been great. Have a nice day!
i need a chair
brown chair please
accent
can I see middle one closer?
what are the dimensions on it?
and how much is it?
ill take it can you adart?d it to my c
no thats it thank you
Hi. I'm looking for a kitchen island.
I do not having any color in mind.
Can you show me more styles?
Can you show me the first one?
Can you show me a look from the back?
What are the dimensions?
What material is it made of?
And how much is it?
Can you add it to my favorites?
That would be all. Thanks for your help.
hi can you help me find a table
yes a dining room table
can you resend the pictures please
how much i s the one on the left
may I see it from the top
thanks what are the dimensions
thank you please add it to my cart
no thanks for all your help
can you help me pick out a rug
rectangular and gray
the one on the left yes can you show it closer please
love it what are the dimensions
how much is it
can you add it to my cart
HI. I want to look at some lamps.
I'm looking for a brown color with a modern style.
No image is appearing on the screen. What is the material of the lamps?
I'm still not seeing an image. Thanks. What is the price?
Thanks! What's the minimum price of any lamps?
Tell me more about the modern lamps?
That's great. Thanks for the information.
Hello, I'm looking for a sofa.
I'm shopping for a black one in a modern style.
Okay, yes please show me some other ones.
I do like the last one. What are the measurements?
What is the material made of?
Can you show me a closer view?
I'll think about it.  Can you save it to my cart?
Thank you!  That is all for now.
Hi, I am searching for some bookcase.
Can I see more?
I like the one on the left, show me a closer view.
Whats the cost?
Its within my budget. Material?
Dimensions?
I will take it. One more thing, any discount?
Excited! Thanks a lot
Hi there, I'm looking for a sofa, can you help me?
I was thinking grey, if possible!
I like the second one. Can you show me a different angle?
Great! Do you know the dimensions?
Perfect! Do you know if it comes in any other color variations?
That's great! How much does the grey version cost?
Can you add it to my cart please?
That will be all. Thank you for all of your help!
That will be all. Thank you for all of your help!
I would like to see an Island
i am looking for a grey island
Due to the error I am having can you describe it to me
I am looking for an Island with shelves on the side , locking wheels
That sounds nice how much is it
I will take it please add it to my cart.
No that its
Hello,I need a bookcase, please
anything is fine
Let me see the second one
Show me from the top, please
How much is it?
Ok, I will think about it, thank you
No,that is all, thank you
Hi I am looking for a dining table.
I think traditional and maybe brown.
I do not see an image.
Hmmm, still not see it.  I am looking for a round table with a pedistale.
Yes please.yes
Ok.  What is the price?
Ok can you remember it for me please?
Thank you for your help.
I need a  sofa for my living room
Brown please
I like the modern one
Yes.
Hi. I am looking for a white dining chair. Can you please help?
I really like the third chair. Can you please tell me more about it?
Very nice. What are the dimensions of it please?
What is the price of this please?
Not bad. I would like to buy one. Can you please add it to my cart?
Great thank you so much for your help today!
Hello! I am looking for an item that I only have a picture of.  Can I describe the item and have you help me locate the piece?
To be honest, I am not sure.  I would guess maybe an ottoman.  It is a gift that my daughter wants for Christmas and I only have a picture.  Quite honestly, it looks like a trash can, but she loves it!
Maybe that is what this would be classified as.  Could I see a picture of the item?
Yes! You are a great assistant, this is exactly what I am searching for. Could you provide the dimensions for this end table?
Yes, this will be a great gift for her.  I was worried that I would not be able to find the item. What is the price?
That is well below what I anticipated to spend. One final question, what is this end table constructed of?  Is it mostly manufactured wood?
Oh wow, even better!  Thank you so much for all of your assistance today. You have been a great help. Can you add this item to my shopping cart? I am ready to check out now.
No, you have been great.  Thanks again and Happy Holidays!
I'd like a kitchen island please.
I'd like brown and farmhouse please.
Can I see the one in the center?
Could I see it from the right please?
Could I see it from the other side please?
How tall is this item?
Could you add this to my favorites? But I would like to see the islands you have in black.
How tall is that one?
What is the price of this one?
Could you also add this one to my favorites?
hello i am looking for a rug
brown
what styles do you guys have
can i see your other options
no that not it
can i see all of them
the one in the middle
how much is this
please add this to my cart
that it thank you
Hello! I want to look at some island
white please
Can I take a closer look at the one on the left?
Can I see side view?
What material is it made of?
Nice! Can I get Dimensions, please?
What is the price?
Thank you for all the information. That is all I need for now and Merry Christmas to you!
I am looking for a sofa please.
I am thinking maybe farmhouse or rustic style.
I was wanting a three cushion, so maybe rustic
Could I see the first one please?
Can you tell me about it? What are the colors in it?
Ok could you add this to my cart please?
Thank you for your help.
Hi im looking to buy an area rug
Yes I have both blue and gray in my living room where I want the rug so either color or maybe even a combo of both in a print design would be good as well
Wonderful! Can I get a closer look at it please?
Great! Thank you. What are the dimensions?
Perfect size! It will cover the entire living room floor. How much is it?
Wow! That is a fantastic price! I'll take it! Can you add it to my cart please?
No I believe that will be it. Thank you so much for your assistance!
Merry Christmas need to find a new big comfy sofa today
dark brown maybe
can I see some more
The one in the middle is the one, can I see up close please
Yeah, that is the one can I have the dimensions please
side view if possible
can I the price please
Great please to my cart
Thanks for helping me
Hi can I have a look at your sofas please?
Something in brown
Those are nice can see another group of sofas. I'm looking for something similar to the first one but a bit lighter
those are lovely too, maybe the color is green.
May I have a closer look at the one to the left?
I don't see a closer image of it.
May I have a top view?
Thanks! What are the dimensions?
How much does it cost?
Thank you can you add this to my cart. And have a great day!
I'd like to look at some tables, please.
May I see a smaller table, not a dining room table.  In white, please
No, it needs to be taller.
Yes that's better. Do you have one that is round?
Can you please tell me a little more about it?
And how much is it?
I'll take it.
Thank you.
Hello I am interested in a table.
Living room tables or coffee tables please.
can you show this from a different angle?
Can you show me one in silver or chrome please?
That one if perfect! I'll buy that one. Thank you!
I'm looking for a kitchen island to purchase.
Any bright color would do.
I like the one on the right. How much is it?
Yes please.
How much is it?
Show me a side view of the island.
Please add it to my cart.
That would be all for today. Thank you.
I am in need of a table.
I am looking for an end table
I am looking for either a grey or white
Can I see the one on the end closer?
If you could from the side?
Maybe from the top so I can see what it looks like
Could you please tell me the price of this one?
I would like it!
No that is all thank you!
Hi, I'm interested in bookcase.
Yes
I plan on putting it in my son's bedroom.
I'm looking for something in black. Can you show me a few?
Great!
I'm sorry, I'm not seeing any.
Okay, I see them now. Can you give me the price of the one in the middle.
I really like that one. Can you pleas add it to my cart?
That will be all. Thank you so much for all of the help.
Good morning. I'm looking for a tan color sofa.
Yes, I'm interested in traditional styles.
Yes, the maximum price I'm looking for is $600.
No problem. Could you explain any details about a sofa?
Wow. I really like that one. What are the dimensions?
Sounds nice! I would like to buy it.
Yes, please add it to my cart.
I am looking for a sofa.
I am looking for a sofa.
I Like some thing in green, I don't see any images
Ok anything in dark color
But I am looking for a sofa.
hello im looking for some funiture today maybe a couch
Yes, navy blue.
yes i like the middle one
do you have anything cheaper?
may i see it please
i love this one. I;'d take it
hyes
no thank you goodbye
Hi there! I would like to request you to kindly show me the lamps available. I am looking for something traditional and probably a white or a brown will be a perfect blend for my furniture.
Thank you but I find these a little unsuitable for my furniture. Can you please show me some other styles that you have on the catalog?
Mmmm... not bad, any more please?
I am sorry this one is not the kind I am looking for. Please show me a pedestal lamp a tall one.
That is a good price for two. I think you showed me in the beginning, but I never got to see a shot of it like this. Can I not buy just one?
Ok, I think I will go with this one as it is modern and also I am getting two. Are you giving any discounts and any promo offers?
Yes please. I thank you for your time and you have a Wonderful Evening!
hi can you help me find a sofa?
the style in the middle looks nice, are their other colors
may i know the material ts made out of ?
what about the dimensions
what room is it intended for?
oh okay can i see the side view please?
great , please add it to my cart
I'm searching for a white table.
It looks like a coffee table based on the online picture.
The one on the right is what I was looking for. Can we get a closer look at it/
Great! Can we look at it lengthwise now, please?
Okay, and can we look at the selection of white tables one more time?
Alright, I'll go ahead and buy the previous white table we were looking at. Thanks.
I am looking for a dining room table. Can you help?
I like a brown table please.
I need something a bit larger for dining.
Let me see the middle one a little closer please.
I think this may be the table I want. Can you tell me the price?
What is it made from?
What are the dimensions?
Can you show me the top?
I will buy it. Can you add it to my cart?
Please find me some ottoman.
Purple
It Works. Can I see the side view?
What are the dimensions?
Whats the price?
Material?
Please add to cart.
Can you help me find some dining chairs?
Dining chairs
I can't see anything.
No problem, the chairs i am looking for are white or light gray with a tufted back.
No problem, the chairs i am looking for are white or light gray with a tufted back.
how many pins do they have in the back?
okay, i am just looking for 2 chairs and these only have 4 pins.
Okay.
Yes, add them to my cart please.
Hello! I'm interested in finding a new table lamp.
Something neutral, I think, maybe white.
I like the third one. What style is it?
Can I see a closer look of the left side of the lamp?
May I also see the back please?
I really like it! How much is it?
Please add it to my cart. Thank you!
Good morning! I am interested in a chair can you help me?
I am unsure.  Maybe a brown chair?
The accent chair sounds closer to what I am looking for.
I like the modern accent better than the farmhouse.
I dont think I have a price range.
yes please!
I am not sure is it a simple brown  chair?
No the chair I am thinking of has no pillow.
No you have been very helpful.  Thank you so much!
I'd like to look at some lamps.
Thank you, but I don't really like any of these.
Not really. Do you have any brown ones?
No. Do you have one that is more of a lighter brown?
Yes, this one looks great. How much is it?
Perfect. I would like to buy it.
No, i'm good. Thank you!
Hi I would like to see some sofas.
I'm looking at a black sofa
Okay, I see it, do you have any more?
Can I look at brown ones?
I like the one in the middle.
Can I see the back?
I like it, can you please add it to my cart? thank you
Hi can you show me a selection of your accent chairs
I want it to be on the masculine side so something darker, maybe in a leather
it that that available in different colors ?
Do you have another option I can see?
I dont like the look of that one anyway! Is there a way to just see the leather options without factoring the color?
ok, can we go back to the other chair, how big is it
I think Im going to keep looking, I appreciate your time today. Thank you
I am looking for a dining chair today.
I am thinking just a classic oak color.
Traditional maybe, Right now I am just trying to get ideas by browsing.
What is the brand of the one in the middle?
Oh ok, what about the one on the right?
I am looking for a chair with no upholstery, just a plain wooden dining chair.
Now that is closer to what I like. Maybe something without the design in the center. Plain slats is better.
Can you save this selection for me. Thanks for your help today.
That will be all, Have a great night.
Hello: I'm shopping for an area rug, can you help me?
Yes, I'd like to see grey with some color mixed in, if possible.
I'm open to the decor style.
yes, please, I'm looking for the living room, in front of the fireplace!
I'm planning to spend +/-$ 400.
I like this one, I would like to see a little more color, if possible.
I think this one is closer to what I'm looking for. What is the size of this rug ?
What is the cost please.
Great price, I will take it.  Great help!  Happy Holidays.
All set, thanks again for your help.
Hello.  I am remodeling my kitchen and looking to purchase an island
Could I start by seeing what you have.  I'd like to see different options
Thank you.  I like the first one.  I'll keep that one in mind. Can you show me some more?
Ok.  Can I see it closer?
Can you tell me the price?
Ok how about from the top?
I'm not able to see it from the top can you share it again?
Thank you.  Can you add it to my cart?
Thanks so much for helping me today.  Have a great day!
hello. I'm looking for a kitchen island.
i preer darker colors if available.
I like the third one. Can I get a closer look?
I love it. Can I see a view from the side?
Perfect. Does it fall inmy budget of under $200?
Oh wow that is alot. Okay well can you add to my favorites and Ill try to increase my budget
Thank you for all your help today.
hello can you show my some kitchen islands?
a modern style please
can i see the open one?
can you tell me the details about this one?
How much is it?
I'll take it can you place it in my cart for me please?
thank you have a wonderful evening
can you help me find an accent chair?
I am looking for a brown chair.
show me the second one please.
What are the dimensions?
How much is it?
Yes, add this to my cart.
Hello, I would like to buy a sofa
I would like one in a black or a dark gray color.
Can you show me some more please?
I still have the same view can you share it again?
Can you show me some that are 2 seater?
It is perfect, how much is it?
What are its dimensions?
Can you add it to my cart please?
Thank you for your help today.
Hi there, can you help me find an ottoman today?
That one on the left, how much is that?
I cannot see it, unfortunately.
I am not able, the tool doesn't load at all.  Though, if it is big enough to serve as a table I do not mind paying the price. May i add it to cart?
Okay, I'll add that.
Oh, I see.  That looks much more appealing, how much is that?
Excellent, may I add to cart?
That's an excellent suggestion, thank you.
I'm interested in finding a coffee table.
Maybe Something modern.
That sounds cool but i'm looking for a triple level (floor included in leveling) that is white.
The coffee table im looking for does a rectangle fold like a cinnamon bun.
sure. Can you give me the dimensions of the black Laquere coffee table please?
That is all! Thank you very much for your help. Have a Happy New Year!
Hello.  I am looking for a end table.
Can I see more in brown?
I like the first one to the left.. How much is it?
Do you have the dimensions?
Anything without drawers?
How much is this one?
Perfect.  Can you add it to the cart?
HI, I'd like to see some of your ottomans.I don't want one too light in color.
I'd like to see the one in the middle.
What can you tell me about it?
I'd like to see the top view.
Oh, okay. It's tufted. How much is it?
Okay. I'll look around elsewhere first and maybe I'll come back for it. Thanks for your help.
Hello.  I am looking for an Ottoman.
Brown would be great.
What is the price?
The dimensions, please?
And the material?
Can you add it to my cart please?
Thank you.  Have a nice night.
I will like to buy an island for my kitchen please
I would like to see the selectiones available in white
Can I have a closer look to the one in the middle?
It looks big. What are its dimensions?
It will fit my kitchen I think. Is it expensive?
I want to see how the island looks from the top. Can you show it to me?
It is beautiful. I want to put it in my shopping cart please
No, Thank you for your help
Hello! I am looking for a table for my living room.
Let's focus on the dinning table, please.
Woody color is good.
Unlimited budget!
Table is in the middle I like! Cool! I can see picture! How you able to activate and use java ASSISTANT tool on your page? pls read my Private message...
That is exactly my target table! Thanks for your help!
Would you help me find a new couch please?
Color is not as much of an issue for me as the size. I need a small one or perhaps a loveseat.
Not bad but do you have any with the arms made out of fabric, not wood or metal?
Tell me the size of the one on the right please
Do you know the size however?
Show it to me from the side please
What's the price listed at?
Does it say what materials they used to make it?
Go ahead and put it in my cart
No thanks
I am looking for a rug.
Actually, I like that middle one. Could I get a different angle view?
I really like this option. What are the dimensions?
And what is the cost?
What is it made from?
Please add it to my cart.
Not at this time.
Hi!  Can you help me find a table please?
I'm looking for a ding table please.
I'm looking for a black one please?
Something modern?
What are the dimensions?
That's the perfect size! Can you please add it to my cart?
You have been very helpful.  Have a great day!!
HI can you help me find some dining room chairs please?
Can you try to resend the image, I'm unable to see the ones you are showing me.
Thank you. I like the one in the middle. Can I see that one please?
Nice! Can I see a view from the back please?
What is it made from?
how much does it cost?
I'll take 3. Can you add them to my car please. That will be all for today!
Hi, I am looking for a dining table. Can you help me?
Can you show me some options in white?
I like the one in the middle. Can you show me a closer look?
I like this table. What are its dimensions?
Perfect. What is the price?
Hello i am looking for a Island
I think i am looking for a kitchen Island wood would be nice
I'm thinking white or black
These are Beautiful can you show me a close of the the first one
Nice, can you please shoe me the sides and the top
Nice i would like to see the top
can you tell me the size
yes i think this is the one, what is the price
I will take it can you place this in my cart and thank you for all of your wonderful help
Hello!! I am seeking an item but I only have a picture.  Can you help me find the item?  It appears to be an end table.
I'm not really sure what style this would be. However it is gray, with a rectangle shape, straight legs, and 1 shelf under the top about halfway between the top and the floor.
I did not get the picture.  Can you try once more?  I know this tool has been having some issues lately.
Thank you - can you provide more details?
What is the price for this item?
That is very budget friendly! What are the dimensions for this piece?
What is this piece constructed of?
Thank you for your assistance today. I think I'm going to browse around more before making my decision.  Have a Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!
Hello, id like to view your selection of kitchen islands
Thanks those are nice! Do you have any made of wood?
Can you give dimensions on middle option please
This Is this ok. Is this the only wood option you have available? Would you happen to have a wooden one with drawers?
May I view this selection from the side please?
How about left side?
This is a very nice Island not quite what i'm looking for today. Thank you for your assistance you were very helpful!
Hi can you help me to find a brown accent chair.
I like the one on the left can I have a closer look
Can I see a back view please?
Can I see a top view?
What is it made of?
How much does it cost?
I'll take two! Can you please add them to my cart. That's all for today.
Hello, I'm shopping for a wooden dining chair.
I'm looking for natural wood color in farmhouse style. Do you have any?
What is it made of?
Can you show me a closer view?
Thanks!  That looks great! What are the measurements?
How much is it?
Perfect! Can you add 4 of them to my cart.  I want to buy them.
Thank you so much for your help!  That is all for now.
I am looking for a dining table.
Contemporary
Black
Im sorry I do not have a view.
Still no view.  Perhaps Ill try later.
No that's everything for now.  Thank you.
I am looking for a kitchen island to put in my new kitchen
Something modern, I am interested in different colors.
I really like that second one.
Can you tell me how big it is?
How much does this piece cost?
Will you add this to my cart please, i am going to buy this.
Hi can you help me select a sofa
something on the dark side maybe a dark gray. Its for my family room so maybe lots of pillows
Thats pretty much what Im envisioning... can you tell me about the fabric
great, does it mention if the fabric is washable
Thats ok, what size is the one
how much is it
OK, under my budget. I will take it if you will put it in a cart Id appreciate it.
Thank you.
Hello i'm looking for a bookcase for my home office. Can you assist me.
Modern style please.
black bookcase.
I i like the far right one. can i see the back view
Beautiful can you show me some white bookcases?
I like the tall white one can you give me a little detail.
great can i see the left side.
beautiful can you add this to my cart.
how much does this bookcase cost.
Thank you for your assistance.
Have a wonderful day
Hi, I would like to buy a an area rug
do you have something in brown or beige?
Can you tell me its dimensions?
Ok, what's the cost?
Ok, please add it to my cart
No, i think that's it
Hi, I am looking for an accent chair.
I am looking for a dark chair with a design on it. Can you show me some options?
Hmmmm. Do you have any other options available?
Are there any other options as well? I do not quite see the one I am looking for.
I still do not see it . Are there any others?
Hmmmm. Still nothing. What else do you have?
Hmmm what do you have in black?
There it is! can you give me a closer a look at the middle one?
Perfect. how much is this one?
That will fit inside my budget perfectly. Can you add this to my cart? I'd like to buy it.
Thank you so much for your help! Good day!
Hello I'm in search of a new accent chair?
Well, I'm looking for something in black?
Yes I do like this one, but maybe something a little smaller?
That's perfect! What are the dimensions?
That sounds great! Do you know what it is made out of?
I'll take it! Thank you for your help, please add it to my cart! And a Happy New Year!
Hi, I am looking for a brown dining table
I don't like any of those but the 1st one looks simuar to what I am looking for
Exactly what I am looking for. Please tell me more about this table
What is the dimensions
Thank you, how much does it cost
That is in my price range. Can you add it to my cart please
No that is it, thabk you
Salute! I am searching for ottoman?
Can you give some descriptions?
for the first one?
what is the size
yes
and what is the price?
can you describe the other one?
yes
and what is the shape?
can you let me know the price as well?
I will buy it, thanks
I'm looking for a chair. Can you help?
An accent chair please
Yes, dark grey please
Nice. Can I view the left side of the one on the right?
Nice. Can I also get another aerial view?
Thanks! What are the dimensions?
Thanks. How much is it?
Perfect. I'd like to buy it.
Thank you, that was all. You were very helpful!
Hi, i'm looking to purchase a set of accent chairs today.
i'm looking for a particular chair I saw in your ad. It's beige with a single pillow.
That is nice but it is not the item I am looking for.
Can you please share the photo again it seems to be an error?
It is unavailable. Can you please describe the item to me?
Great description! i think think is what i'm looking for. How big is this chair? I'd like to make sure two will fit.
Perfect! I'll take two please!
That will be all, thanks!
Am looking for a sofa.
No I don't actually.
Looks good. Please do you have more?
Alright. I like the last one.
Very nice. I like it. Please what is the price?
Please what is the dimensions?
Okay. Thank you. Please could you added it to my cart?
No that will be it. Thank you for your help.
Thank you. You too.
Hello. I need to find a bookshelf. Can you help me?
I think that I want black.
May I have a closer look at the one in the middle?
Can I see a side view ?
Can you tell me what material it is constructed from?
This is exactly what I am looking for. How much does it cost?
Yes please!
Hi there I am looking for a dining table.
Something dark.
Not really, may I see some more please?
Im looking for something a little more square.
Still don't see what I need, perhaps you do not have it in stock.
Thats okay, thanks for all your help!
Hi can you help me find a chair
Not sure if I want it for my room or living room yet can I see what you have in white
Is this all you have
Can I see other light colors the chairs I can see, that's not what I am looking for
Can I see the first one closer please
What material is that one made of?
Nice! What the price?
Can you add 2 to my cart please.
That is all for me today thanks for your help, have a great day.
Hi there, i'm looking to find an island for my kitchen.
Yes i did, I was thinking maybe white.
I really like the middle one, can i see it up close?
Yes, what is it made out of?
Great, I would love to add it to my kitchen. i'll definitely be purchasing.
Yes, thank you for all your help! I'm so happy!!
Hi. Can you help me look for an accent chair?
I'm considering white
Can you show me the one on the right?
Yes. Can you tell me more about this chair?
What are the dimensions?
Do you have a price?
Awesome! Please add it to my cart.
Hello, I would like to look at some ottoman
Sure, let me see your black ones
Actually no, can I see the white ones
Can I see the 1st one up close
Can I see it from a different angle please
Can you tell me the measurement
Perfect fit, how much does this cost
O wow that is very cheap can you add it to cart
thank you
hi can you help me find a ottoman
yes I do white please
these are nice but not quite what I'm looking for. Do you have any more white ones
Fantastic may I see a close up of the on the left
how much is this one please
Please add it to my cart
no thank you and have a great night
Hi. I'm shopping for some ottomans. Would you show me what you have available please?
I'd like something square with storage space under the lid. I prefer a solid color like black or brown.
I like the one on the left. Do you have something made like it in a different color?
The shape of it is perfect, and I like the color. The only other change I'd make to it is add some feet to it.
Gosh, you're meeting all my expectations but just not finding exactly what I had in mind. This one is nice so save it for me. But would you check once more and see if you can find one identical to it but covered in fabric or maybe leather?
Ooh! That's it exactly!! Please put two of them in my cart. Thank you so much for your persistence!
Hello, i want to buy a table
A dining table, maybe black?
Yes, please show me the second one.
I like it, but it's too big, please show me the first one
What's the cost and its dimensions?
I think that one's fine, please add it to my cart
No, that will be all, thanks!
Hi. I am looking for an ottoman or a chair. Can you please help?
yes please, preferably in black.
Perfect thank you. I really like the third one. Can you please tell me more about it?
yes thank you. Can you please tell me its dimensions?
Great thank you. What is the price?
Not bad at all thank you. I would like to purchase this. Can you please add it to my cart?
Great. Thanks so much for all your help today have a great day!
Can you show me your selection of Islands
No, but I want it on wheels!
Which on of these is it?
That is nice. Do you happen to have something is a metal
how big is this one
OK, this may work. how much is this one.
Can you put this in a cart. Do you happen to have something similar buy smaller
Thank you for showing me this one also, but think I just want the Stainless Steel one for now
Hi, can I see a few of your kitchen islands?
Yes, a black island would look great in my kitchen.
This is lovely! Is it solid wood?
Nice! Can I get a view of the top?
Nice! What is the cost of it?
Very beautiful island and the price is right. I'll take it!
That
Hello, I'm looking for an ottoman. Can you help?
Modern & a light grey would be optimal!
I like this color block one. It will be placed in my great room. What are its dimensions?
That's perfect. Can you get me a close-up shot of it?
Great! What material is it made of?
Very nice. How much does it cost?
Please add 2 to my cart and thank you for all your help!
You as well. Thank you!
Hello. I would like to see kitchen islands.
Yes. I would like for it to be black.
Can I see the one on the left?
What material is the middle one made of?
Nice. What are the dimensions?
Ok sure.
I would like to see the farmhouse.
Yes this is the one. Can you add it to my cart?
Thanks. You have been great today.
hello, im looking for a sofa
I'm looking for a white sofa
can I please see the one on the right closer up
can you tell me the dimensions?
How much is it?
Thank you, please add it to my cart I would like to purchase
that is all
Hi, I'm looking for an island.
I'm looking for one in gray.
What are the dimensions for it?
For the first one
Thank you! What's the cost of it?
Its a bit out of my budget, but thanks for all of your time today.
Can you help me find a dining chair?
I would like just a simple white dining chair.
Can i see the first one close up?
How much is this?
What are the dimensions?
Great, add it to my cart please.
Hi there, I'm looking for a table, can you help me?
I'm looking for a kitchen table today.
I was thinking brown, if possible!
I can't see the images, can you send the images again?
Unfortunately, I do not.
That's okay. Maybe we can try a different color table? Like maybe a grey or dark color?
Unfortunately, I can't seen any of those options either.
Of course. We can try again in a little bit. Thank you for your help?
I am looking for a lamp.
I am not sure where I will put it.
White
Can I see the middle one closer?
What is the price?
Will you add this to my cart?
That will be all thank you for your help.
I would like to look at ottomans today.
I need an over sized one.
Yes, I see it. Do you have any with storage?
That is more like what I am looking for. Do you have any in darker colors?
That is a perfect color. Can you tell me the material it is made of?
Perfect, add it to my cart please.
I would like to see some of your ottomans today.
I am just browsing, so I'm open to whatever you show me.
I am having trouble viewing it, could you describe it for me?
I like it, but could you show me another ottoman?
Oh, that sounds very nice. What's the price?
That's a great price! I wasnt planning on purchasing anything but I want this ottoman.
No, Thank you for adding the ottoman to my cart
Hi I'm looking for a rug
Yes, red please
Can i see a close up of the one in the far right corner?
I'd like to purchase it.
Im in search for a  stool
Yes what colors do these come in
Yes im interested in somthing gray
Ok what are the materails that they are made out
The gray ones
The circle shaped grays ones im not sure of the names
Perfect and what is the price for that one
Ok
That will be all i thank you for your time
You to happy new years
Hello.  I'd like to see some of your area rugs.
Yes. I'm thinking something that has circular designs and has brown and tan colors.
It doesn't matter.  I need a round rug though.  Nothing triangular or square.
The one in the middle looks like what I've been looking for. Can I see it closer?
I like this style. Can you select it so I can see it closer?
Yes it's perfect.  How much does it cost?
Yes that sounds great!  Please add it to my cart.
Thank you and thank you for your help.  Have a great evening!
Im looking for a island
Black
What is the measurements
Can you tell me the price
Great thank you. Will you add it to my cart
No thank and have a good night
Hi, I am looking for a bookcase.
It is for my teen son. Any reccomendations?
I like this one. Can I have a closer view?
What material is this made of?
Can I see the right side?
Thank you. What are its dimensions?
That will fit perfect. How much is it?
Not too bad. I would like to purchase this item. Can you add it to my cart?
No, I think that will do it. I appreciate all your help and have a wonderful rest of your day!
Hi. May I have some help with furniture? I am looking for a couch.
I like black.
Sorry, the image did not show up. Can we try again?
Need a couch for the den.
Do you have anything in black leather?
That's perfect. What is the price?
Yes. I think that will work fine. I would like to purchase this chair please.
Hello I would like to buy a table.
Can you show me gray coffee tables?
I like the one on the far right. Can I get a close up?
What are the dimensions?
And how much is it?
It is perfect! Can you add it to my cart?
No that is all thank you.
Hello. I would like to buy a chair.
I would like a chair in the color grey.
Can I see the one on the far right?
What are the dimensions of this chair?
What is the price of this chair?
Can I see this chair from the bottom please?
I would love to buy this chair. Thank you for your help!
Hi, I'm shopping for an ottoman
Yes, i'm looking for a wooden one.
All wood
I like it!, can you show me a closer view?
What is the price?
Perfect!  I'll take it
Thanks, that is all for today.
I'm looking for an island?
In oak brown.
A moving one if you have that.
Whats the dimension of it?
Okay do you have the dimension?
Whats the price?
Can you show it to me from a another angle?
The top.
Okay i'll take two of them.
Good evening, I am looking for a table today. It has to be a dark color if possible
no, its a tall small table. It has curved legs
Wow you are great at this. You knew exactlly what I liked .
Yes I would like to know what they have to say about this table. I had someone tell me I had to get it.
its pretty tall for a table. HOw does this kind of table run me? Cause I am going to need about 4
Well anything with 143 in the price is perfect. It means Love. Yes please I need 4 of thouse
Hi, Im looking to remodel my kitchen. Can you help me?
I think I want to add a kitchen island!
Can I see the first one?
A ceramic tile top sounds nice! How much is it?
Wow that is very expensive! could I see the second one?
What kind of material is it?
Can I see it from the side?
Ok, I will take it! Please add it to my cart! Have a great day!
I am looking for a bookcase. Can you help?
I am looking for a black one.
I really like the 2nd one. Can you provide me more details?
How deep is this?
How much does this cost?
Will you please put this in my cart?
No thank you. Make it a good day.
show me bookcases
Can you please show me others also
i like the first ine
can you show me side view
dimensions please
price please
please add it to my cart
no.thank you
Hi there, I would like an area rug.  can you help me?
I think gray would look nice.
I definitely like the one on the right. What are its dimensions?
That sounds great, thank you for your help. May I add it to my cart?
No thank you, that will be all.
Can you please show me some end tables
I would like to see some lighter colored tables please.
Not really what I had in mind, are there any that have two shelves?
Can I see it from the top?
Thanks! Can you tell me what it's made of?
Can I see another view please?
Great, thanks for all your help! I would like to buy it.
Hi, I am looking for a table.
I would like to see black dining table.
I like the one in the middle.
Can I see the table from the top.
Thank you, what is the material that this table is made out of?
what is the price
My last question is what is the dimensions of this table?
perfect, add it to my cart please.
Hello, I need to find a bookcase
Something not so high, I need to fit it in my bedroom. Black maybe
Yes, the second one looks good, can I get a closer look?
What are its dimensions?
Ok, I might buy it, can you show me the other one before i make a decision?
What's the cost for this one?
Ok, please add this one to my cart.
Yes, please remember the previous bookcase so I can buy it in the future
Hi, I'm looking for a black chair...Can you help me?
Black, please.
An accent chair.
No particular room.
I really like the one on the far right... May I have a closer look?
I'm sorry I can't see it. Can you show it again?
That's just what I was looking for... Can you place it in my cart, please?
No. Thanks for your help.
Hello, can you help me find an accent chair?
Do you have any blue ones?
Oooh yes, it looks interesting. Can you show me a close up?
I like it. Can you turn it around for me?
Nice. Can you show me a view from the side?
What are the dimensions of this cute chair?
Thanks. Can you please tell me the price?
Good deal. Can you please add it to my cart. Thanks for your help!
Hi! I am interested in a table for my dining room.
I don't have a particular style, maybe something white.
That one is very nice and elegant! What kind of table is it?
Very nice. And what is the price for that one please?
Okay. Can you add that one to my cart. Do you happen to have a black table for the living room. A round one.
Okay. I don't like that. I'll just stick with the one I have. Thanks for your help.
Do you have any other tables for the living room?
No thank you. I don't like it. I'll just stick with what's already in my cart. Thanks for your help today! Have a great day!
I want to see some ottomans please.
I would like the ottoman for my bedroom.
Can I see them please?
C an I see the first one up close?
Can you give me more details?
Nice. What is the price for this one?
Thanks for all your help! Please add to my cart. .
Hello i am interested in some dining room chairs
something modern please
That looks nice can i see it in brown
Can i see it
These will be great so what is the price
I love them can you add them to my cart
yes now that you mentioned it do you have a area rug in brown
I love it add it to my cart
that would be it thank you
Hi, i'd like to look at some coffee tables, please.
Yes, dark brown or black is my preference.
Maybe the second one. Can you show me a close up please?
Yes, this one looks interesting. Can you show me a side view?
How about a top view?
Looks perfect for my living room. Can you tell me the dimensions?
Looks perfect for my living room. Can you tell me the dimensions?
Yes, now i just need the price. Thanks.
Not bad. Is this made of solid wood?
Ok. Well, it looks good. I would like to buy it. Can you add it to my cart, please.
No, i'm good for tonight. Thanks for all your help!
Hi. I'm searching for a blue couch please.
Gray will work just fine.
What material is the first one?
I think my family will like this one. What does the side look like?
What's the size?
I will take this one.
No, thanks.
Hello I'm interested in you very best in-stock Bookcases please
I like the middle bookcase. What material is that please?
Great! Is that the only color it's available in? I want to use it in my basement. Would you happen to have it in black?
Okay, thanks. I guess I'll have to sand it down and paint it all over again. What can you tell me about the bookcase that you showed earlier far right?
Can you give me the pricing details on the Oridatown Standard bookcase please?
Super! Can you please remember it for me?
I will return later to buy this item directly from you. However, do you think you guys will ever get that neutral finish bookcase in a different color?
Okay, thanks. I appreciate the time you took with me today. It's been great! Have a great rest of your day.
can you help me pick out a coffee table?
gray one please
do you have any more that are like the one on the right
how much is the one on the right
can i see it from another angle please
that is all for today thanks
I need a bookcase.
Gray or Brown
Not really right now. Just depends on a few factors.
Okay. Do you have bookcases available that are tall and brown in color?
That's not bad. Do you have anything darker in color? Maybe looks more like a ladder?
Can I take a look at the one on the left?
I like this. How tall is it?
Okay. Can you add this to my cart?
That is it. Thank you.
Hello i am looking for a chair plese
It looks like the last one but in a dark color maybe a green
No something in a darker color the arms have a round shape at the end and wood legs
The right color just the back is rounded
This is it can i see the side view
can i see it from the top please
This is a nice chair can i see the bottom please
i want it what are the dimensions
Okay how much is this chair?
I will take it can you add it to my cart
I'm looking for a ottoman
White
How much is the middle one?
Show me another.
Modern. How much is the floral one?
I'll take it.
Can you help me find a kitchen island>
maybe brown
Okay can I see the one in the middle closer?
How much is that one?
That's not bad, what are the dimensions?
Okay, can I see it from the top?
I like it, can you put it in my cart?
Great thank you.
I would like to see some tables. I need a new one for my living room.
I'm sorry, I should have specified. I would like a new coffee table.
Ooh, I like the last one. Can you show me a closer view?
It has a lifting top?! I think I need this in my life! What is it made of?
It sounds perfect so far! What is the price of this?
Awesome price! I'm just curious, is there any others similar to this one?
I definitely like the other one much more. Show me the other one again please.
After seeing the other one, I like it even more! Put this in my cart please.
As much as I would love to continue shopping furniture, I can't afford it right now. Thank you so much for your help. That'll be all for right now.
Hi I am looking for a piece of furniture that looks like an ice cream cone. Can you help me?
LOL, ok yes maybe.  My wife just said it looked like ice cream.
Yes. You are the best! I like the first one. Can I see it, please?
How much does it cost?
Do you have it in black or gray?
Ok, then I'll take two. Thank you!! You have been very helpful.
Hello, I am shopping for an ottoman.
I am looking for something darker.
Can I see the ottoman in the center please?
I like this one, but it isn't quite perfect. Do you have something with square legs that looks very similar to that?
Still not quite there.  Very close still.
That is it! How much is it?
Great, what is the fabric?
I suppose I will be surprised.  Please add it to my cart.
hello im looking for an end table
Yes, I just want to make sure its black
can you please show me the end table all the way to the left?
Thats great! Can you tell me the dimensions?
Okay, whats the price for this table?
Perfect! Id like to purchase this end table, can you please add it to my bag
Thats all, thanks for your help
Hello. I am looking for a round dining room table. Can you help with that?
I know brown and round. Other then that I am open for suggestions.
I like it but do you have anything darker?
That sounds nice. Can I see a picture of it?
Can I see from another view. That looks to be a little too modern for me.
Yea I am looking for a table with a bigger and more sturdy base.
Oh yes that is beautiful. How much is it?
Sounds like a great deal can you add it to my cart?
No that is great. Thank you.
Hi. I would like to look at some chairs.
I'm looking for a vintage style chair.
Yes, Can you show me a blue color chair?
No, I don't see any images. What is the minimum and maximum prices?
Tell me more about the chair. Can I see the front of it?
Thanks, but the picture of chair is not appearing. Thanks for everything.
Thanks, but the picture of chair is not appearing. Thanks for everything.
Good morning! Can you please help me with a kitchen island?
Any style is fine just would like it in white or black.
Can you send me pics of some different islands?
Thank you. What are the dimensions on the white butcher block?
That sounds like a good size. What is the price if I may ask?
That is a great price! Can you please add it to my cart?
Thank you. I think that will be all. Thanks for all of your help.
Hi. I am looking for a new sofa.
I'm looking for something black.
I like the second one. Can I get a closer look?
It's beautiful. How much does it cost?
It's a bit out of my price range. Can you show me items under $350?
What material is it made of?
That's good to hear. Can I see a back view?
How much does it cost?
Perfect. I'll take it.
That's all. Thank you for your help.
Im looking for a table
coffee
Can you tell me about the third one?
i need something cheaper
Awesome can you add this one to my cart?
No thats it thanks
good day. I am looking for a square ottoman. can you help?
I would prefer black if you have it
Can a get a closer look at the one on the right?
Can you tell me the name of this ottoman?
Can I see it from the top please?
I am feeling this one. Can you tell me the price on it?
One last thing, do you know that dimensions? I want to make sure I have enough space.
Great, It will fit the room. I want to add this item to my cart. Thank you for your assistance.
Can you show me some chairs ?
Can I see the decor style for the one on the left ?
What is the intended room ?
Perfect ! What's the price for it ?
That's in my price range ! What is the size of it ?
Great ! I want it. Canan you add it to my shopping cart ?
Thank you ! Have a great day !
I am looking for a bookcase.  Can you help please?
Tall and blavk
I live the one in the middle. How much does it cost?
Do you anything cheaper?
Can you add that to my cart.
Thank you.
Hello Im looking for a coffee table
Glass top and round
Can I see a different view?
Can you tell me more about this item
Please add to my cart
I am looking for a kitchen island
white
How much is the second island?
How much is the third one?
How big is the Hedon?
and what are the measurements for the Auden for comparison?
I think the Hedon will fit in my kitchen better. Let me take a closer look at that one.
Rotate and let me see it from behind
Please add this one to my cart for me.
Hello, I'm looking for an island for my kitchen.
Can I have a closer look at the third one?
What's the width?
Thanks, can I see what the top looks like?
Thanks, and what's the price?
Not bad, thanks for your help.
Hi there, I'm looking for a table lamp, can you help me?
I'm looking for white, if possible.
I like the second, can you show me a different angle, please?
Great. Do you know the dimensions?
Good to know. Does it come in any other color variations or finishes?
Alright. And how much does it cost?
Can you please add this to my cart?
Hi! I'm looking for kitchen island today, maybe you can help me?
Sure thing! I was thinking maybe something white!
I like the first one! Can you show me a different angle.
Great! How much does it cost?
What else can you tell me about it?
That's great! You have been such a wonderful help today. Can you add this to my cart for me?
No, that's all. Thank you!
I am looking for a couple of table lamps. Can you help?
I am looking for a white one, maybe a gray one.
The office maybe the living room.
It is not what I am interested in.
I am not interested in that one either.
I am not interested in either one. I am thinking of a tall one and a short one, a double package.
Those are the ones. What is their price?
I will need to save up for that one. Will you save this in my wish list.
Nope, that is all. Make it a good day.
Hi can you help me find a black accent chair please?
Are those the only black ones that you carry?
Can you show me black dining chairs? Maybe that's what I'm looking for I'm sorry for the confusion.
That's it the first one can I see it up close please.
Can I see it from the side?
How much is this chair?
$253.99 is that for a set of four? If so I'd like to add that to my cart.
Awesome that is all that I needed for today. Thank you so much for all of your help.
Hello! I want to look at some sofa
Can I take a closer look at the one on the left?
Nice I like it. Can you turn it to side-view?
Can you turn it to top-view?
What is the description of this item?
Nice, what about dimensions?
What is the price?
Ok, Can I get free Christmas delivery / shipping, please?
Thank you for all the information. That is all I need for now and Merry Christmas to you!
Hi. Can you show me a some black lamps with two heads on it?
Just what I was looking for it! How much is it?
What's the material?
What's the decor style?
Can you show me the left side?
Great. Added to my car please
No thank you. Have a great day and happy holidays!
I'm shopping for desk
Show me what you have
Ok , show me writing table if you have
Show me end table
Tell me about the first one
Nice , I would like to buy it
No, thank you
Can I see some of the available kitchen islands?
I don't think I like this, please show me some more options.
Can I see some more?
I'll like a side view of the one in the middle.
How large is it?
Tell me more about it particularly the material used and the design.
Ok. Can you please remember it for me for next time?
No, that would be all. Thank you for your help.
Hello. I am looking for a kitchen island.
That is really pretty. Does it come with the stools?
How much is it?
Wow. Way too much for my budget. You have something cheaper with nice storage like that?
Thanks, but not my style. Something with a wood finish?
I still see the same one.
I like that! How big is it?
Would you add this to my cart?
No, thanks for all the help.
Hello, I'd like to browse some accent chairs please
No not really, just want to take a look.
No not really, I mean they are nice but not my style I guess. Can I see some more?
Let's say no more than $400. Can I take a closer look at that chair on the right?
Can I see it from the side please?
Nice chair, But may I see some more please?
Thanks, I really like that last one! Can I see it closer please?
It's really nice, what's the price?
A little beyond my budget, but I'll take it! please add two to my cart.
That's all, thank you! Good day.
Hi!  I'm shopping for a sofa.
I'm looking for a black, modern style
Great!  I like the first one. Can you give me the measurements?
What is the material made of?
Can you show me a closer view?
Thanks!  How much is it?
Wow!  That is a good deal! Can you please add it to my cart?  I'll take it.
Thank you for all your help and Merry Christmas!
I am looking for a shelf.
Yes
Is there one like the second one but a lighter color?
That one is perfect, what is the price?
Thank you for your help
Sure
That is all
Hi, I'd like to look at bookcases.
I'd like something in brown.
That one looks too tall, do you have anything shorter?
That looks like the same exact one, do you have anything in black?
How much is the third one?
Okay, and what are the dimenstions?
What material is it made out of?
Thanks, I think I'll pass...have a good day.
I'm want to buy a new dining table since mine broke two days ago. Can you help?
I want a big black table since my dining room is pretty big and black is my favorite color
Can you take me closer to the one on the middle?
I don't. but, I love the style of this one. Do you know what are the measures?
That is a perfect size for my dining. May I know the price for this?
Can I see how it looks from the top?
I want to buy it. Please add it to my car
Can you show me some bookcases please?  Any color or style. Thanks
I'm not sure. Can I see some more?
Maybe the middle one. Can I see a closer view?
I like it! What does it cost?
Oh thats great news! Finally, what are the dimensions?
Oh it will! Add 2 of these to my cart please.
I'm all set. Thank you so much for your help today!
hello i am looking for a dining table or end table in brown
i like the middle one
what are the dimensions?
how much does it cost?
i'll take it
thank you so much for your help
Im looking for a bookcase
traditional
white
Yes I like the one in the middle can I see it please?
Nice! Now what are the dimensions please?
And how much does it cost?
Not bad! Can you go ahead and add it to my cart please?
No I think that will do it! Thank you for your assistance!
Hi. I'm interested in looking at some kitchen islands.
Not really. I'm just browsing, I'd like to see what you have though.
I like the first one. What is the name of it?
Yes I would like to see it up close.
Thank you. Can I see it from the side as well?
Perfect. I am really liking it. How much does it cost?
Okay. That price is doable. Let me talk it over with my husband. In the meantime, can I get the dimensions for the island?
Great. My husband likes it as well. I think I'll purchase it. Will you put it in my cart please?
Thanks! You have been such a great help today.
I would like to look at some sofas today
I do not really have a budget just looking unless something catches my eye
may I see some more
after viewing your offers I am interested in gray
may I see the one in the middle
I love it it may I see the back please
it looks big enough would you happen to have the dimensions
Before I commit to buy I need to know the orice
wow that is pretty steep I need to check my funds can you save it to my favorites please
Hello, I'm looking for a chair, can you help me find the right one?
Well, I'm looking for an Office chair.
Ok great! What are the dimensions of this?
Hmmm, that sounds like a pretty good size.
What is the price of it?
Ok great! I'll take it!
Great! That will be all thanks!
Hi, could you show me ottomans?
Could I see the first one up close please?
What's the price?
Could we go back to the last one please?
The third one.
Lovely, I'd like to purchase.
Hello, I will like to buy a table can you assist?
I looking to buy an end table in brown.
Can I see a closer look of the first table?
This is not bad, I hope it's not too expenssive?
Jus to be sure it wood right?
Ok, I will buy it. please add it to my cart.
No, that will be all.
Hello, I saw a white table in a magazine. I am trying to find one like it. It has very ornate legs.
I believe it is but from the picture I saw I couldn't really tell
Oh this is awesome! The second one looks just like the one I saw in the magazine. Can I see it up closer? And hear the dimensions?
How much is it?
Add it to my cart
Hi, I'm in need of a dining table.
A brown one would be nice.
I want to see the first one up close.
Nice. Whats the dimensions?
How much is it?
I'll take it. Thanks for your time.
Hello, I am looking for a rug.
I am looking for gray.
Let me have a closer look at the one to the left.
How much does it cost?
What are the measurements?
Well it's perfect for my room. Please add to my cart then I'm done.
I am looking for a table lamp.  Can you help me with that?
Yes.  I'm hoping to find a light beige or white color.
Thanks!  Can I see that one in the center from the front view please?
I'm looking for something very similar to that but not quite this one.  Do you have anything that looks close to this one?
I like it but I'm still looking for something a little different.
Perfect!  I like the Berman Lamp! Can you tell me the price on that one?
Great! Please put that in the cart for me.
No.  You were great!  Thank you very much and Merry Christmas to you!
Hello,
I am looking for a table
This would be a dining room table
Yes, I do prefer wooden tables. Do you have anything in a light color?
I am unable to see it, could you show me the table please
That is perfect. Thank you! Could you add that to my basket.
Hello! I'm looking for a bookcase.
A white colored bookcase.
Can you tell me more about the first option?
What's the price?
Nice! I'll buy it, can you add it to my cart?
Thank you for all your help!
Hi, I want to buy a tall leg chair.
I'm looking for something simple. No arm rest and brown in color to match my other furnitures.
I can't see anything on the screen. Can you show them to me once more?
No I don't. I seems the tool is having issues.
Yes, Can you tell me what is the max price among the chairs without armrest that you have available?
I'll come with that money once the tool works in case I want to buy a chair. Thanks so much for your help.
hello i am looking fora area rug please
I am looking for something grey and black please
My tool is not working but i can decied if i want one by a discription. I am looking for something round if you have one.
That sounds great what are its dimensions
That is a great price
I would like to know about its dimensions
That one should be fine can you add it to my cart?
Hi can you help me find an accent chair.
Something light.
Is the one on the right gray?
Well I did want something light but I really like this chair. What are the dimensions?
I might can make it still work for my room, maybe change the pillows? What is the price on this chair?
Yes you are so right!! I would like 2 of them please.
No that is all for me today thank you so much for your help and the suggestion!
Hi, I need to buy a sofa please
Do you have any in black with a 50s look?
anymore in black with a more antique/traditional look?
Not quite, any others?
No, not what I am looking for. I am assuming you have no other sofas to show?
Ok, that is more of what I am looking for. I needed an all black in that same style, but if that's the only color you have it's good. What are the dimensions on it so I can make sure it fits
Perfect, what's the price please?
I will like to buy it, can you please add it to my cart?
Nothing else, thank you!
